You know what I do is I write for children, and in fact, I'm probably the author for children, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people I don't want to seem like a scientist.
I can dress it as a farmer or leather clothes, and no one has chosen a farmer.
I'm here today to talk about circles and epidemics.
And you know that an epidemic is usually something that falls out somewhere.
You just have to turn to the apple to see it as an epidemic.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bolly.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the 1960s in the middle school, in Street, Ohio.
When they were beaten to blood every week in the children's bathroom, until a teacher saved me life.
She saved my life by allowing me to go into the teacher's room.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
I had to go from the city.
I had a thumb and 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California -- found a lover -- and in the 1980s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that fought AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night I got a phone call from that teacher, the lady Post who said, "I need to see you.
I'm disillusioned that adults never come to us.
You could come to Ohio and please bring that man who I know you already found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I would like you to stand up with this please."
Well, the next day we were in Clean.
We went to see it, we laugh, we cried and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found it a place, we interested it, and we took it out of their family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to know me as an adult came to me, it became a cheese box and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed it, it had become a circle -- and that episode that I talked to you about was in its own.
The epiphany is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I saved his own.
And you know that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy that today we talked a lot about this.
It also needs -- it needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature, and it's all interconnected.
I first went to Antarctica almost 10 years ago, and there I saw my first shoes.
I was amazed.
My heart missed fast, I was seen, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The shops around me would go out of the water almost 60 feet, and I couldn't even think that it was a little snow of snow on another snow year after year.
The hunters are born when they get away from the glaciers or they break the ice barriers.
Each iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them refuse to remove and fall down until the end, whereas others can't support it more and deliver in a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you look at a iceberg that are isolated and alone, in large measure as we see us sometimes as humans.
But reality is all the opposite.
As a iceberg goes down, I'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere.
As a iceberg is melted releases water fresh water in minerals that feed many forms of life.
I was about to photograph these transmissions as if I was going to try to be the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that at these unique moments there are that way and not exist that way again.
It's not the death when they melt down, it's not an end, but a continuation of its way through the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the iceberg that I photograph is very young -- it's a couple thousand years.
And another part of the ice has over 100,000 years.
The last pictures I'd like to show you are from a iceberg that I photographed in Kenyan, Greenland.
It's a little bit frequent to actually get to present a reductive hungry.
Here you go.
You can see on the left a little boat.
It measures about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your floating line.
You can see here, it starts rolling, the boat has moved to the other side, and the man is standing there.
This is a grain of Greenland.
Surround of the water about 120 feet or 40 meters.
This video is real time.
And so the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, each one by making a baby, OK.
So, two couples each one with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about your conception itself, you're not going to pay attention.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And on this stage I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm is joined to the X crime.
And in the other case, the X-ray of the sperm joins the X crime.
Both of them are predicting and started life.
We'll go back to them later.
In my field activity I would get two roles.
In one of my roles I work with the story of the anatomy, in one of my roles.
I am a story for training and what I study in this case is the way people open the anatomy -- -- to say, of human bodies and animals, how they've considered body fluid, the idea of the body -- what have you thought about the body.
The other role I wish in my work is the activist of activist -- as a paradigm of patients or, as I say sometimes, advocate of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working, for example, similar twins, two people within a body.
I've worked with people with emotion, and people much lower than average.
And I've worked with a lot of cases of persuaded sex, individuals whose physical technology doesn't fit in the male and female schemes.
In general lines, we can call it interactive.
The intrinsic adopted many ways.
I'm going to put some examples in ways of having a sex that doesn't fit in male or female forms.
For example, there's the case of the company with chef chemical base, the SRI whose child SRI of the chromosome and tells the protected, that we all have in the fetal life, which become testified.
And then, in the fetal life, the testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks of testosterone, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the syndrome of insection to analogies.
So, there are high levels of testosterone.
As a consequence, the body is developed by a typical female course.
When it does, the baby has like a child.
It's a child. It's raised as a child.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing and developing the breasts. But it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes something that's going on.
After making it tests realize that instead of having ovarian and theory, it actually has testing and a chromosome and a chromosome and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's a man, but it's actually not like that.
Women, like men, have in the body something called supernova global.
They're in the back of the body.
Surrounding glands produce angulars, the hormone of marketing.
Most women like me consider a typical woman -- I don't know about their critical structure, I believe being a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to anguish.
We produce angulars and respond to anguish.
As a consequence, someone like me has the brain more exposed to angulars than the woman who was born with tests that have the insurance syndrome to the angulars.
So sex is a complicated thing. It's not that the particles are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some way they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago, I got a call from a 19-year-old girl born and raised as a sea sea, and I had a birth and sexual relationships with her, I had a life like guy, and I had just discovered that he had opening and theory.
He had an extreme form of a disease known as a cognitive super-sector.
He had the 20th chromosomes, and in the uterus the supernova glands were so active that, essentially, they created a male environment.
As a consequence, their genetics were married, their brain was exposed to the typical male component in the hormonal components.
It was born with like a child, no one suspect anything.
And it was at the age of 19, when he started having medical problems caused by internal mentor, when the doctors discovered that, in fact, it was a woman.
Well, another quick example of a case of intrinsic.
Some people with the 20th chromosomes develop what is known as obstacles, which is to say, they have oil tissue wrapped into technical tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are many varieties of sex.
The reason that children with these kinds of bodies -- they are anonymous, similar twins, or engagement -- they get to normal surgeries that are not to be able to get a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason you get to various surgeries is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings up a particular identity.
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity, allegedly black means to have African anatomy in historical terms.
A terribly simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with catastrophic.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individuality.
Our nation is based on a very romantic concept.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children who are born like two people within a body.
The recent case is last year with the South Seat Castro Carl Sea -- he put his sex into the International Games Games.
Many journalists called to ask me, "What are you going to do in order to determine whether Casey Semman is man or woman?
And I had to explain to the journalists that there was no such test.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we need to admit that nature doesn't bring a line between men and women or men and works and women and women and women and women and women and women and women and women.
So what we have is a situation where the more that the science, the more we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were stable anatomical categories that correlate directly with stable identity categories -- are much more powerful than we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that happens much more complicated than the terminology allows the terminal.
As we see, we get into a screening terrain.
We look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What will we risk the fact that we differ from them in just a few newspapers?
And as we progress in science we get more and more in a wireless area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we handle are probably too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the fields of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and at the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights to the photos.
There are very busy discussions today -- maybe not in public, but I know within medicine -- about when someone is considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to take them with this question of whether someone was dead.
As long as you put a pen in front of the nose, and if you move it yet.
If I stopped moving it out.
But today, we can, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body.
And as a consequence, we have to face the dilemma to really determine someone's death, and this puts us in a hard situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And maybe you think that this explosion of categories could beat someone like me.
In politics I'm a progressive, I am going to get people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I get nervous.
I will consider that these categories are much more unstable than we thought I was afraid of.
It has from the point of view of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first I have to admit that I'm a food fervent from the Foundation parents.
I know they were racist -- I know they were sexuality, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and bold and so radical in what they did -- that I found every so much of the music that I found that music covered "Kickstream and not for music, which is totally passionate.
That's what happened in 1776 with the Foundation parents.
The Foundation parents were, for me, the first activists of the anatomy and explains why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept and replaced it with another that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And as you all remember, what our founding fathers were rejected was the idea of the monarchy -- the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of the anatomy of the anatomy of the anatomy of the anatomy of the anatomy of the anatomy of the anatomy of the anatomy of the anatomy, and the monarchy was a very simplistic concept.
The old world monarchs didn't know DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth right.
They had the concept of blue blood blood.
They were the idea of the idea that the political power was coming from the blood right through the father and then the son, and so on.
The Foundation parents rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomical concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They leveled the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the common anatomy and not the anatomic differences. That was something very radical.
And in part, they were doing it because they were part of an informed system that they were being lost two things.
It was sending democracy and at the same time born science.
And it was very clear, if we looked at the history of the founding parents, that many were very interested in science and in the idea of a natural world.
They were getting rid of the supernatural explanations, and therefore they rejected the concept of supernatural power transmitted by this idea of a vague right night.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if we look, for example, the Declaration of independence, talk about nature and the god of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in fact, we were transferring the idea of anatomical coincidence.
And when they did, they were feeling the foundations of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think about it, but they did it for us, and it was great.
And what happened next?
And women were training.
Then he came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from the California College with people who said, "I'm not a woman?"
We found men on the rows of the Civil Rights movement saying, "I'm a man."
Again, people of color that went to the animal coincidence on the anatomical difference, and again, they succeeded.
We see the same thing with the Discovery movement.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the concerns, we have to start asking why we keep certain disciplines.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomic divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't mean that we should get to the anatomy of the anatomy, I don't want to say.
I don't mean that the five-year-old children were supposed to be allowed to have sex relationships or married.
There are some anatomic divisions that for me make sense and I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why to keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two best beings at the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings -- both of these consensus in 1979 exactly the same day.
Imagine that one of them, Mary was born three months before time: June 1, 1980.
Henry -- on the contrary, was born in term, was born on March 1, 1980.
For only three months before Mary was born three months before Mary is attributed all of the rights three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent, the right to the vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age, but because it was born later.
We found other reefs in relation to their rights.
Henry in virtue of being considered -- while I haven't told you if it's X.R. in virtue of being considered man now is possible from the mandatory building that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary for its part, it doesn't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry in all states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So they still persist anatomical categories that in various ways are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science is both in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a demonstration based on the anatomy could deal?
I don't want to give you the science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is scared up.
Where are we going?
It seems like what happens in our culture is a kind of progressive attitude -- "Well, we have to bring the line somewhere so we're going to do it."
But a lot of people are trapped in a rare position.
For example, Texas at a certain time has decided that to marry a man you don't have to have chromosome and to marry a woman you have to have chromosome and to get married with a woman.
Now, in practice they don't do critical tests to people.
But this is also very strange given the story that I told you to at the beginning of the installation of analogies to analogies.
If we look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech, "I have to draw a solution.
It says that we should judge people not in the color of their skin, but in the content of their character, going beyond the anatomy of the anatomy there.
And I want to say, "Yes, the idea looks very good."
But in practice, how do you do it?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character.
I want to point out also that I'm not sure that we should be based on this to guarantee people right to people, because I have to admit that I know about some of the balls that probably deserve the social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some labs that I know can make more informed decisions, intelligent and mature decisions about their sexual relationships than people from 40 I know.
So how do you put the issue of the content of character control?
It's very difficult.
And a part of me is wondering what would happen if the character of a person could in the future will be measured with an instrument, maybe with magnetic resonance as well.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
And what I do know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is still making this sense of thinking in relation to democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we will do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like Iran in which a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be killed, unless it's willing to get to a sex shift, in which case it is allowed to live in.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I spoke about a couple of years ago that I had made light twin times and then separate them and then get their fame in.
But when the phone was asked the reason for the operation, it was a very risky operation, I was reminded that in that other country, these children would be very managed and therefore I had to do it.
What I said, "Well, have you considered political use rather than the surgical separation?
The United States offers enormous possibilities to people who are without forcing them to change for the sake of state.
So I think we need to be in the head.
Well, to end up I mean I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it might have been, if we had given more participation to mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical, and I think there can be different ideas coming from different anatomical technologies, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in interactive, I've also been interested in researching sexual difference.
And one of the things that I've been interested in are differences between men and women in the way to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about the traditional studies is that women on average, not all, but on average, they tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to take care of those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
And years ago, when I was in graduate graduate -- one of my advisers I knew that I was interested in feminism -- I would consider my feminist -- like now, made me a strange plant."
"Tell me what female female has for female.
And I thought, "It's the most silly question I've ever heard.
The feminist has to do with recording gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in the female."
But the more I've thought about your question, the more it has seemed to me that there is something female in the family.
I mean, there might be something on average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So if the parents were very keen to find a way to protect people in part of the state, it's possible that, to have more more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with the replacement of recovery.
And maybe that's what we need to do in the future when we take democracy beyond the anatomy, thinking less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and thinking more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect Union, let's think about what we do with each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where you want to go to live and work, it has the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents to attract new residents to attract new residents to attract new residents to attract new residents to it.
Well, right now, we are far away from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't count with one city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they are worth much more than their construction cost.
So we could easily deliver the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if they've never thought about new cities.
But just replace them by apartment buildings.
Imagine that half the people who wanted to live in apartments already were protein and to the other half of them would still be missing.
You could try to increase the capacity by making advantage of all existing buildings.
But you know that the problem that you will face is that those buildings and areas that surround them have rules to avoid the nuisance and the distribution of the construction.
So it would be very difficult to do all those amateurs.
But they could go to a completely new place, building a whole new apartment building, and when the rules of that place are easier instead of putting it out.
So I proposed that governments would create new enough reform zones to keep cities and give them a name, low cities.
I later learned that more or less at the same time, Jovita and eighth were thinking about the challenge of reform.
They knew that every year about 75,000 orphans would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009, Hongues spent a design constitutional crisis.
In the next regular election, Diet Book is paled by a platform in which it promises reforms and at the same time.
He asked October to be his head of cabinet.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDTalk.
Through a process of perception, trial and error and a lot of trials with users, tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under their ideas more essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those rules that say you can't go and encourage all the current residents of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but it takes both of the technologies to make progress, and usually it's the rules that prevent us to move forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala sent to Occoptuin a link with the TEDTalk.
I showed it to Japan.
They called me.
They said, "Let's ask the leaders of our country."
So in December we met in Miami in a conference room.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this picture that shows the value of the land in a place like New York. See, land that, in some cases, are worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was a pause, October said, Paul maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk Talk.
And the talk described in very simple terms, that a low city is a place where you start with designed terrain territory, a status that specifies the rules that will be applied there and a choice for people to choose whether they want to go under those norms.
So the president of Honduras. And he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the path for our country forward.
He asked me to go to Texas and talk about the four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, which was trying to explain that to make a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Dennett and the white line is the new airport that was built in Dennett.
Only this airport covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the honors that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that is at least 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
Everybody applaud cortible.
The public faces were very serious and attention.
The Congress leader came to the platform and said, "Professor Rome, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe you could see the video of the TEDTalk Talk.
I have this in my computer."
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalks.
And this explained how essential a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be a choice of a city that you might be in Honduras. It could be in Honduras.
And it also included new options for leaders.
Because the leaders of the Dutch government need help of associated countries, they could benefit from the associated countries that would help them establish and make the standards of the status -- so that everybody could trust that the status is effectively completed.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could easily be about a thousand square miles.
And shortly after that, January 19, voted in Congress to improve their constitution and add a constitutional device that allowed to create these special development regions.
In a country that just passed through this painful crisis, the vote in Congress in the Congress of this constitutional performance was 142 to one.
All the parties, all the factors in society, they replaced it.
To include the Constitution, you have to take two times in Congress.
On February 17, he passed over again in another vote, 125 to one.
Immediately after the voting vote, 21 to 24, a degree of about 30 orphans went to the two places in the world that are more interested in participating in building cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that's building in South Korea, is bigger than the Boston center.
All you see there was been built in four years, after they spent four years getting the permission.
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this practical way, this is the point where we are.
They have a website, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that would allow the administrators to come, and at the time it would allow us to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow his Court Court to be the last user tribe for this new judicial system.
There are urban cities and cities that are very interested in the project.
They can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know is that they have a good number of inhabitants.
There are many companies that want to install in the Americas, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there are a lot of people that I'd like to go to live there.
In the world, there are 700 million people who say they would like to change immediately.
There's a million a year coming out from Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family to go to a job, sometimes they're single mothers who have to earn money for so much or buy clothes.
Sadly, sometimes even there are children who are trying to meet their parents who haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what does it seem to think about building a new city in Hongs?
Or build a dozen of these, or do you have a hundred of these all around the world?
What does it seem to think about to insist for families to choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my Dutch friends asked me to say, "Thank you TED.
I'm Jesus, and this is my value.
But before I show you what's inside, I'm going to make a public trust, and it's that, I live obsessed with suit.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog broadcast and colorful and different for every time.
But I didn't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second hand of thumb markets and senses of second hand.
Ah, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my career in the environment and in my wallet in my wallet in my wallet.
I get to know interestingly people -- usually my money goes to a good cause. My way is unique, and buying it into my personal search search for testosterone.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is it going to be my talk?
Would I like color to color?
It's less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel that I've won.
Going back to the theme of my journey, I want to tell you what I planted for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what do anybody have all that clothing?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I suit.
I've brought seven pairs of inner clothes, and nothing else.
Interesting role for exactly a week is everything I've put on my value.
I imagined that it would be able to find everything else I would like to use after I got here to Palm Springs.
And because they don't know me as the woman walking through TED in inner clothes,  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the points for this week.
Doesn't sound interesting.
As I do, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that, believe it or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with Sunday.
This is a brilliant ticket.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see good.
You can almost always see you phenomenal for less than 50 dollars.
All the whole, including the jacket, cost me 55 -- and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Multinarians: color is energy.
It's almost physically impossible to be a bad mood, when you're watching a brilliant red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars: The integration is survey.
I have spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time to get up.
I just know yourself.
If you surround the right people, you don't just understand you, you will also appreciate you.
Merceded -- Guard of the child you carry in.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems like I play the disasters, or I remind them to their little seven years.
I like to smile and say, "Thank you.
Journal: Trust is key.
If you think you do well with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't see you well with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years that I really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person inside your inner and outside, you don't look at you that you can't attract them.
So there's no excuse for anybody in this audience.
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to do.
Thank you.
Viewnal," a universal truth six words for you: the golden lentils go with everything.
And finally, side: developing a personal style itself and only is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people came to me this week just by what I was using -- and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all of this is not going to go into my little break.
So before I go home, Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to go emotionally to these things, because around the corner, there will always be another crazy suit, colorful and bright waiting for me, if there's a little love in my heart and looking for.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts.
The left side, which is the logic part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we would use a scale to measure the presence of each hemisphere -- we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely logical.
This would be somebody who is totally intuitive.
So where would you play your brain on this scale?
Some of them would opt for one of these extremes but I think for most of the integrations of this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a great presence in both holes at the same time.
It's not that they're entirely exclusive.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, which just like most of the other experimental quantum physicists, we need pretty logical to match these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need pretty intuition to get experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition -- well, we like to play with things.
We can play with them, and then we see how they react to them, and then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
And some intuition that you can have developed with the step of the years is the one that one thing can be only in one place at the same time.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion -- they developed it.
I remember looking at a child playing on a parking bar.
It was a small child, and it didn't do it very well, it always dropped.
But I bet that playing with that parking bar is taught a valuable lesson, and it is that big things don't allow them to transport, and they stay in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world, except you're a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking bars play with these strange little particles.
And when they play with their particles, they discover that they do all kinds of really weird things -- like they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations and they called it quantum mechanics theory.
At that point you found the physics some years ago, you needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you didn't need it to describe the big objects around us every day.
That doesn't fit very well to my intuition and maybe be because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not much.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, no one saw a particles.
But it also didn't fit to my logical part.
Because if everything is made of little particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't everything follow the principles of quantum mechanics, right?
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanics.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green point right in the middle.
That's the piece of metal I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to expand a little bit. It's just in the center.
And then we do a good approach to the little metal trick.
So what we see is a little piece of metal -- in a form of springboard and which is supported in a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would do a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I put all the big machines around 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this origami with form of swimming pathology that is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum supply, but for that it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in an elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people go up to do those things, because I don't want to bother them, or, actually, standing up.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The journey of travel of inanimate objects is not just people, it's also the light that grabs it and the wind that happens on the side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this piece of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to push all the other passengers to it.
And that's what we did.
We put off the lights, then we introduced a vacuum and we extract all the air, and then we cool it to a temperature of less than a degree on the absolute zero.
Now, when you're just on the elevator alone, the little piece of metal is free to act as you want.
So we measured their movements.
We discovered that it moved in very strange ways.
Instead of getting perfectly still, I was vibrating. And the way that I was vibrating was like a breathing in this form -- like a flow that expands and it contracts.
And by giving it a super-security supermarket, we could make it free, and it doesn't vote at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that a free thing and not free at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In a case: all the trillion atoms that make that piece of metal are still still, and at the same time, those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's only in certain times when those are flying up.
In the rest of time they're slided.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
I was worth getting a clean room to do this for all those years, because, look at this, the scale difference between one atom and that metal piece is more or less the same as the difference between that metal piece of metal and you.
So if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that metal piece can be in two different places, why don't you as well?
I mean, it's my logical part that I talk about.
So imagine if they were in several places at the same time, what would that be?
How do you take your consciousness if your body was solved in space?
There's another part of history.
And it's when we heat it, and we turn the lights up, and we look inside the box, we saw that the metal followed there in a single piece.
And I could get to this new intuition -- apparently all the objects in the elevator are actually just quantum objects that are just made in a small space.
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's deeper.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that is the deep burden of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is America.
And 18 months ago, I did another job in Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss that is here and allowed me to take it up.
It took me 18 months.
A lot of negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums of nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on demand.
There's a lot of stories of why we did it.
I think my own story is simply explaining on this slide and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
I had a great education -- I didn't complain -- but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museums. I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
Better than show the demo to then explain a couple of interesting things that we have led from their launch.
So just just go to Gogal.
Look around all the museums that there are.
There is the Galain Albert, the MoMA, the Emily, the Richard, the Good Goggane.
In fact, I'm going to go into one of my favorites, to Metrodica, the New York Art.
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple.
We click and she shared, we're already inside the museum.
It doesn't matter where they are, Bombarn or McKismet, that actually doesn't matter.
You move around and get fun.
Do you want to navigate by the museum.
We open the flat up, and with one click, we jump inside.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the hall.
They go forward. They get diving."
Exploit.
Thank you, but I haven't reached the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The Charisma Person Bright at Metrodica.
I see the sign + I see the sign.
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all the metaphor data.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call geographical technology.
So this image, for example, has -- I think, about 10,000 billion pixels.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10,000 billion penguins?"
So I'm going to show you what you really get with 10,000 billion pictures.
It can run around a very simple way.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to be destroyed.
So I started playing, and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "A moment, this seems interesting.
I walked in, and I discovered that children were actually playing something.
I was doing a little bit, I talked to some people from the Metropolitan, and I actually discovered that this is a game called "control," which is to hit a year with a stick of Carolina.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even deeper and you'll see that you can actually get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to get away the image, so you really see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is to come, a second.
So now we quickly jump to the MoMA in New York.
Here's another favorite of my favorites, "The night started."
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the panchinalizations?
What if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this teaching work?
It goes up and really does it.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this painting, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is the night started "The night started -- I think I've never seen it so before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There are lots of things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called "College."
All of you, absolutely all, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a manipulation, that gives you the same.
You can online to create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we come in, I have created this function that I call "The Power of Jone: We just made a zooming around.
It's about "The Americans at the National Gallery of London.
You can track things, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you look at these master jobs.
So in conclusion, I think that for me, the main thing is that all the amazing things really don't come from Google.
No, in my opinion, they even don't come from the museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
Actually, they come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium I do justice to its art work and it's represented right online.
And the big question that I'm doing today is, "Do you do this to repeat the experience of going to a museum.
And the answer is no.
It's to supplement the experience.
That's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a piece, a flying piece.
In our lab we call it sensitive design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I am an Italian origin -- all the children in Italy grow with this picture on the wall of their dorm -- but the reason I show you this is that there has been something very interesting about France careers in the last two decades.
A while ago, if you wanted to win a France one career, you took a budget and put it to a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you would win the race.
This is what in engineering, in engineering, is called real time control system.
It's essentially a system that has two components, a sensor and an accident.
What's interesting today is that control systems in real time are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered with networks and electronic contents.
They're becoming computer computers.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and accessed.
Understanding cities is a big thing.
As an aside, I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the world's cortex but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all these choices and activation are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition of Palaga Antarctica for late years in the MoMA.
It's called "The "The Museum one. </s> NASA.
Well, our objects, the environment, start to talk to us.
It's kind of like almost all of the existing atoms will become sensors and accidents.
And that's changing completely the interaction that we as humans have with the outside environment.
In a sense, it's almost like the old dream of Microsoft Angele.
You know, when Michelangelo scanned the Moses -- he says he took the hammer and threw it to the Moses -- in fact, you can still see a little meter below -- and he said, "Picture never painted?"  "Why don't you talk about it."
Well, today, our environment starts to talk to us.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples -- insisting in the idea of capturing the environment and getting something right.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a lucky summer in 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup Code.
Maybe some of you remember it, they played Italy and France, and at the end of Zibbundant he gave the head.
And anyway, at the end won Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at activity on the web.
Here we see the city.
You see the Collistra in the middle and the River River.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
On the early afternoon, there are people over here and there doing call, moving around.
The party starts silent.
Green de France. Gulf of Italy.
And interestingly, people make a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time. End of regularly regularly.
First time extra time.
Zipland, and at a moment, the head.
Gandhi Italy, yeah!
That night they were all going to celebrate the center.
There you see the great peak.
The next day they all went to the center to the winning team and the first minister of then.
And then everybody came down.
You see the image of the place called Circle Massachuada where, from the time romantic, people will celebrate -- it's a big party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection, it's not about people, but of things that we use and consume and consume.
Today we know everything about the basis of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac and how they send.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project, we developed a little bit of small tags to track the trash in their spirit by the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little more than a year ago, to label what they were drawn, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that would all be tortured.
Then we put them a little chip, a tag table, to the trash and then we started to fix it.
These are the results.
Participation from Seattle.
after a week.
With this information we realized that there are a lot of influences in the system.
We can do the same thing with much less energy.
These are data that they didn't exist.
They're happening complicated things, and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing we believe is that if you look at every day that the cup that we throw doesn't disappear, that's still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle we throw on one day still follows there.
If we show that to people, then we can promote some behavior change.
That was the reason for the project.
My colleague at MIT, Asia Biniatura, could tell us a lot more about detection and a lot of other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part we mentioned at the beginning, which is access on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple years ago in Zacarator.
It all started with a question from the mayor of the city, which came and said that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology can, the new technology, will join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop -- it was, imagine that they have a chaos and valves and solar valves that open up and shut down.
It creates like a water curtain, with water pixels of water.
If you fall down the pixels you can write in them, you can show patterns, images, text.
And when you zoom in, the curtain will open up so that we can go by, as you see in the image.
We presented this to the Beller mayor achiever.
He liked a lot.
And I took a commission to design the building to the entrance of the Experiment.
We call it Digital Water Palestine.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows, but when you approach you open so you can go through.
The ceiling is also covered with water.
And if there's a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the salarys, it goes down the ceiling.
Or you can close the building, and all the architecture disappears like in this case.
That day there will always be somebody, in the winter, when you go down the roof, somebody who was there and said, "You just take the building."
No, it's not that they have delivered it, but when it comes down almost all the architecture disappear.
Here is working.
You see people intrigued by what's going on.
And here I am trying to not move when I test the sensors that open the water.
I think it should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the children in Zack came to the building, because the way they interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that would open to let me go by, but a building that kept making cuts and water holes and one had to jump in order to move.
(Audience noises) And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think of the use that people will give to our designs.
But then reality is always impressive.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact with, that people use.
This is a picture of the building with the physical pixels -- the water pixels and the projections about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine that they could have little helicopters in the air, and that each one had a little pixel that changes from color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one we saw earlier, that moves with others in synchrony.
We could form this cloud.
It's a kind of flexible screen like this with normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal or three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of the pixels that change.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen would appear in different scales and sizes. In different types of resolution.
And then all of that could be a cloud of pixels in 3D where you can zoom in, and go through and see from very diverse angle.
This is the real controlled Florida, going down to form a voice, like before.
When the light goes on, it looks like this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by a person.
We can have every pixel with an input that comes from people, the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bolocut -- one of the best ballet dancers today, the Metro star of New York and the Milo Scale, to capture its 3D movements and use them as a forest for the Florida.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pixels -- the capture in different resolution.
It's as much 3D digitization in real time as a movement capture.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can walk all the way.
And once we have the pixels -- we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and rotation with it.
We want to use this as a possible entry for the Florida.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment as a cloud of cloud -- like a grain break, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make everybody give a little bit for a pixel.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we move from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything like knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the Obama campaign will show you, we can move from the digital world, the self-interest of networks, the physical world.
In our case, this may want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That meant something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address today's challenges -- think about climate change or CO2 emissions, how to move from digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can get people involved in doing this together with collective form.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a cloud of particles.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud they're a piece.
It's a physical structure in London, but covered with the pixels of pieces.
You can move inside, having different experiences.
You can see from the bottom, to be able to share the main moments of the Olympics of 2012 and even more, and can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So this is both a physical cloud of the sky as something you can rise, as a new top of London.
You can get there.
As if it was a new digital shape at night, but the most important thing is that it will be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than what they are?
Suppose I told you that, with just a few changes in your genes, you could improve memory -- for more accurate and faster.
Or maybe they would like to be in better ways, to be stronger to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and safe from themselves?
How about living more with good health?
Or maybe they were from those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What would you most like it?
What would you like if you could choose something?
(Music Member: Creative."
How many people choose creativity?
Hands up your hand. Let me see.
Five. It probably was the number of creative people present.
That's very good.
How many of you choose memory?
Some more.
And the physical state.
A little less.
What about longevity.
Oh, most of that makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this, the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe possibly possible?
Evolution has been an issue here at the TED conference, but today I want to give you a look at a doctor on the subject.
The great generation of the 20th century, T. Decembers, who was also combined in the Russian Olympic Church, wrote a called "Nothing in biology makes sense of the light of evolution."
But if effectively accept biological evolution consider this: it's just about the past, or the future?
Does it mean to others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch -- well, in an end, it is, of course, the most interesting one.
We had a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
There has been maybe 20 or 25 different species of hominids there.
Some of them have gone and back.
We've been here about 130 years.
It might seem like we're very far away from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, mostly the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that is used to treat diabetes?
This is not like human insulin -- but it's the same protein, chemical critical, which comes out of the pancreas from the pancreas from the pancreas from the pages.
And talking about bacteria -- they realize that we all take on the most bacterial intestine than the cells that we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think about -- when Antonio Dama raises the original of the organic, think about bacteria.
The gut is a wonderful hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, female, it's very accumulation.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that you can want without effort from your part.
It's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some force to the sand.
But then we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help digest essential nutrients and protect us from certain diseases.
But what is the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or are you destined to become a different thing, maybe better adapted to the environment?
In this vast incomplete symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief business, the animal kingdom, as one and unique company, and human life, a little note of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I recently entered college, I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the elegance and the beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental -- in most of the existence of life, in the single-celled organisms, every cell simply divide and all the genetic energy in that cell is transmitted into the two medical cells.
But when multicellular organisms appear to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important, with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens the genome, the rest of the body becomes again.
In fact, you could say that the inevitable death of the body comes into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to trust you that when I was a college student I thought, well, the sexual student, the sexual death -- it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year that happened, I was getting more doubt.
I came to understand the feelings of George Burgers, who still acted in Las Vegas well in his 90 years.
And one night someone hit their hotel door.
He opens the door.
In front of it, you find a magnificent dancing dance of clothes.
He looks at it, and he says, "Come for a sex of sex."
"Okay, he says George, he says "God chooses)
I realized, as a doctor, who was working for a different target to the goal of evolution, not necessarily contradiction, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to stay healthy.
I wanted to recover health in the disease.
I wanted us to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is actually going through the genome to the next generation, adapting and survival generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are like restaurant rockets designed to send genetic charge to the next orbital level, and then let you fall into the sea.
I think we all understand the feeling that World Allen expressed when he said, "I don't want to get the immortality through my work.
I want to make it not dying."
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the largest or the stronger or the fastest and even the smarter.
Evolution favors the best creatures adapted to their environment.
That's the only evidence of survival and success.
In the bottom of the ocean the tragic bacteria that can survive the heat of the smoke that would produce if there were fish there, fish in the vacuum -- but they have managed to make it a metabolic environment.
So what does this mean when we look at what's going on in evolution, and if we look at the place of humans in evolution and in particular, if we look forward to the next phase, I would say there's a lot of possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first of all, we've been able to preserve a lot of genes that would otherwise have been discarded and removed from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we've created our environment to adapt to us as well as we adapt to it.
And by the way, we mix, we circular -- and we get so excited that it's no longer possible to have the isolation necessary for evolution to happen.
A second possibility is that you produce an evolution of the traditional type, natural type, imposed by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be that the gears of evolution are slightly slowed, but they're unbelievable.
And in terms of instant, when we have a species we have distant planets are going to exist isolation and environmental changes that can produce evolution in a natural way.
But there is a third possibility -- an attractive possibility -- intriguing and frightening.
It is called neurological, the new evolution, which is not simply natural, but guided and chosen by us as individuals in decisions that we will take.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get to do this?
We first consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more males than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what it takes to the individual and family level.
Think of it as well as possible to be able to choose not only the sex of their offspring. But in their own body to make genetic adjustments to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could make genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer's risk or reduce the risk of cancer or eliminate the player?
Don't they want to make those changes in their genes.
If we look at the future, that kind of changes will be more and more possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and it was 13 years ago.
It cost 2.7 billion dollars.
The next year of done, in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome to a cost near 20,000 and a week.
It's not going to have a lot to make the human genome really be done by 1,000 and more and more of all the scope of all.
They come to those changes.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce immunity.
Believe or there is no experimental trial in course with the vaccine against growing in cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the table?
That is reality today and in the future it's going to be increasingly possible.
Imagine just another two little changes."
Can you change the cells of your body, but if you could change the cells of your discovery?
And if you could change the sperm and the vitaols, or change the recent fine flee, and give their children a better chance of a healthier life, to remove the diabetes, remove the health, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who don't want any healthier children?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce changes to prevent diseases is going to allow us to also adopt surgery as a better memory.
Why don't you have the engineering of a Ken Jennifers about everything if you could increase it with the next generation of the Watch Watch?
Why don't you have a faster contrast muscle that allows us to run faster and more distance?
Why not live longer?
This is going to be irresponsible.
And when we are in conditions of passing this to the next generation, and we can adopt the attributes that we want to have become the evolution of before in neurological.
We're going to take a process that could normally take 100,000 years, and we can compress it to 1,000 years, and maybe in the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have them in front of them.
Are we going to use these choices in a better society, more successful, more considered?
Or are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform or more controlled or more version?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the deepest thing about all: we're going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom required to make these decisions that are subsidized?
For good or worse, and before what I might think, these options are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explosion when you're at 900 feet high.
Imagine a plane full of smoke.
Imagine a engine by making a click, click, class.
Clear, click, click, class. It sounds scary.
Well, I had a unique seat that day. I was sitting in the country.
It was the only one I could talk to the flight assistant.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said, "There's no problem. We probably hit some birds."
The pilot had already seen the airplane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot hit the airplane with the Hudson River.
That's not really the route of it.
I took the engines off.
Imagine being in a plane and no noise.
And then he said three words.
The three more challenging words I've ever heard.
He said, "First of the impact."
I didn't have to talk more about the flight assistant.
I could see it in your eyes.
It was terror. Life was over.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get to it, and I didn't do it, all the things that I wanted to repair -- all the experiences I wanted to have and never had.
As I thought about that later. I came a sentence, which is, "Collect wines bad."
Because if the wine is ready, and the person is there, I'm going to open it out.
I don't want to apply anything in life.
And that emergency, that purpose, has really changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is while we were about the George Washington, which was not for much -- I thought, Wow, I really feel a great period.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity, I have tried to improve on everything I did.
But in my humanity, I also give place to my ego.
And the time I wasted in things that don't matter with people who matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, my friends, with the people.
And then, as a media in that, I decided to remove the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
Within two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels wonderful.
I don't try to be right. I choose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is going to be discovered, 15, 14, 13."
You see the water approach.
I'm saying, "Please fly.
I don't want this to be broken in 20 pieces as you see in those documentary.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of -- Wow, dying doesn't fear fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go, I love my life.
And that sadness will be found in a single thought, which is, I just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my kids growing up.
A month later, I was in a performance of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent --  --                  -- like a small one.
And for me, that was the whole reason to be the world.
At that point, I understood by connecting those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
For all of all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I got a miracle of not dying that day.
And I was given another gift that was the possibility of looking at the future and coming back and live in another way.
You guys are flying today, the challenges to imagine that the same thing happens on your plane -- and please don't be this -- but imagine, and how do you change?
What do you do, you still expect to do because you think they're going to live forever, right?
How do you change your relationships and negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents who can be?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most cool thing I worked on was for this guy.
The guy is called TEDTalk.
TED was one of the most important graffiti in the 1980s.
He came home after he ran and he said, "Dad, I feel a bird in the legs.
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today TEDTalk has total paralysis today.
You can only use your eyes.
Her work influenced me.
I have a design company and animation, so obviously, graffiti is something intricate that we admire and respect in the art world.
So we decided we were going to sponsor Tony Tony, TEDTalk, and his cause.
So I went and reunited with his brother and father and I said, "Let's give them this money.
What are you going to do with you?"
And his brother said, "I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and that he is able to communicate with me."
And I said, "A second, not that I -- I see Stephen Hawking, isn't that all people with paralysis can communicate through those applications?
And he said, "No, unless you're somebody important, and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people."
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate then?
Does anybody see the film, "The Spanish and the Market?
They communicate in that way. They are going to be running it with the finger.
I said, "That's ridiculous. How can it be?"
So I presented to the only desire to deliver a check, and instead of that signed a chicken that I didn't have the least idea of how it was going to happen.
I committed to her brother and his father there at that point -- "All right, so this is the deal, Tony is going to talk to you, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to go back to make her art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much inside their inner can't communicate it."
So I spoke at a conference a couple months later.
I met these guys called Greek Grad Recabe Lab, who have a technology that allows you to project a light on any surface, and then with a laser score, draw about that and record negative space.
So they're going around doing art facilities like this.
All the things that show up, they say, are part of a cycle of life.
First they start with sexual organs, then with the bad words, then with the attacks to Bush and at the end, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in his presentation.
And so he started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a year later, after a lot of organization and so much moving things from one side to another we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the door companies and we got a machine for TEDGlobal to communicate, a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun thing. I call it Every because I'm talking to the guy -- you get an email from it, and you say, "I don't deserve it. This guy is fantastic."
The other thing that we did was bring seven programmers from all over the world -- literally from all the corners of the planet -- to our home.
My wife, the children and I, moved into the back yard and these hackers and programmers and consumers and anatomically took control of the house.
Many of our friends thought that we did something completely stupid and that when we were going to go back they would have taken off the walls of the walls and instead there would be graphic.
But for two weeks we program -- we went to the Mars sea walk, my son was part of my dog, and we created this.
It's called Edish Elicology, NASA and you can see the description here.
These are a couple of cheap gas glasses that we bought on the Martin Beach, a little bit of copper wire and Thomas Department and Radio Shake.
We take a PMS camera, we open it, we put it on a LED light and now there's a device that is free -- it builds yourself -- we publish free code, software is low in a free form.
And we create a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company that says, "No."
There's no hospital that can say "No."
Any person with paralysis today has access to drawing and communicating using only their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much to you. That was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to TEDTalk room.
I love this picture because this is the room of another person, and that's their room.
There was all this blogger and oil during the great interaction.
And after a year of planning, two weeks of programming -- intense sessions all night, Tony went back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of your life, and it's looking through the support system of your life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the outside of the hospital.
And he came back for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and he would imagine what was the feeling in parking space.
The funny thing was that we had to instruct the parking parking lot, so we felt like we were reading the graffiti as well.
At the end of this he sent us an email and this was what he would say, "This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I'd been under the water and someone finally came to rescue me and pull me out there so I could breathe.
Isn't it wonderful?
In a way, that's our scream of war.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing us.
And we have a long way to deal with this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and rather.
Since then we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've gained a lot of prizes.
Remember, it's free. None of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The awards were the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic.
Armstrong took something about us, and then in December, the Time magazine recognized us as one of the top 50 invention in 2010, and it was really cool.
The best thing about this -- and this is what ends up closing the circle, is that in April of this year at the Mobile Georgetor in the center of Los Angeles in the center of Los Angeles is going to be an exhibition called "Art in the Streets."
And Art in the streets is going to have the best exports of urban art, Bank France, CATSWales, all of them are going to be there.
TEDTalk is going to be in the show which is pretty impressive.
So, basically this is my idea: if you see something that is not possible, make it possible.
Nothing that is in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the microphone, the script, nothing was possible at a certain time.
Make it possible. Anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with ocean recognition, I just recognized something and I was associated with wonderful people in order to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want us all to do every day when we find something that we feel that you have to do. If it's not now, what? And if I'm not me, who?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years moving in really difficult situations and at the same time a lot dangerous.
I went to prison, hard.
I worked in a mouth of coal, dangerous.
It filmed in areas of war, difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating this -- fun at the beginning, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career, I have been immersed in situations in horrible appearance with the only goal of trying to try to examine social issues in ways that are attractive, interesting, and hopefully analyze them in a way that looks entertainment and accessible to the audience.
So when I knew that I would come here to make a TEDTalk about the world of brands and patriotic I wanted to do something a little different.
So, some of you may have heard of, or not, a couple of weeks ago I took an airplane in Everest.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, I offered the rights of my TEDTalk in 2011.
What had been this: "Hey HIV is presented, my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is and according to content could explode in the face, especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company when I do it.
But he said, this is a very good medical opportunity."
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
Thank you.
It's a progress, by the way.
So even with that saved knew that somebody was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you asked me a year ago, I couldn't have been able to tell you with certainty.
But in the new film that I'm working on, we look at the world of marketing, of advertising.
And as I said, I have been involved in horrible situations over the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could be anticipated, for something as hard or as dangerous as entering the room with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a movie.
Morgan Space: I want to make a film that deals with product possibility, marketing and advertising, and that the whole film is funded with product and marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to be called "The largest film ever selling."
What happens in "The biggest movie ever sold is that everything from the top at the bottom of the end of the end, has pictures of brand -- all the time -- from the audience that appears before the title, the X brand.
Now this brand -- Chamber Stanford, the Stages Center.
These people would be associated with film to personalized.
And so the film explores all this idea. (Mission Kasa: It's recorded."
I'm a reduction single single single city.
It was "The personalized. For always."
But we're not just going to have the pack of the X brand in the title, but we're going to make sure we're going to make sure we have all the categories that we can on the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe, and it becomes the most cool shoe you've ever used.
The most cool car you ever drive in "The largest movie ever sold selling: the best job you ever drink, cut from "The largest film ever selling."
Garden Khanan: The idea is then besides showing the brands as part of the life, to make them fund the film?  (Mother's maker, and we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The goal of the whole film is transparency.
You're going to see all the process in this movie.
That's the whole idea, all the film, from beginning to end.
And I would love that CEO helps make it happen.
Robert Frank: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that -- it's the maximum respect for the audience.
Volunteer: However, I don't know how it is going to be people to that.
SK: You have a perspective. I don't know if "It's very negative, but you know how it's going to represent? (Mother, no idea. David Chicago: How much money do you need to do this?
MS: A million and a half million -- "D. (Mother, I think John Kaman: I think it's going to be hard to meet the meeting with them, but certainly it's going to be worth convincing a couple of big brand.
MK: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the film comes out of us as a lot of joyful ideas.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Russia: Most answers.
MS: But will it be hard to sell it, for the film or to be I?
JK: Both things.
MS: ... means you're not very optimistic.
So, help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right. MK: Okay. Awesome.
MK: We have to think about which marks are.
MS: Yeah.
MK: We have some places where to go. (Music, OK. Turn out the camera.
MS: I thought, "Paul the camera, meant we have a conversation out of microphone.
The camera means, "We don't want to know anything about your film.
MS: And so one for one, all of these companies suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this movie.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything about this project.
And I was very impressed -- I thought the concept of advertising, was to introduce the product to as many people as possible, to make so many people see it as possible.
Especially in the world today -- this intersection of new media and old media scenario -- is not the idea to count with that new vehicle of attention that is going to bring the message to the mass?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, that my idea had a barrier mistake, and that mistake was this.
Actually, there wasn't such a mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what this image is.
See, when you look for images of transparency in Google appeared.   This is one of the first images that come in.
I like your radar way, Sergey Brian. No.
This was the problem: transparency, free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen, easily detected or seen -- easily understanding, which is characterized by vision or information, especially in business practices -- being the last line perhaps the biggest problem.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name, the president name, even the CEO they name it.
But all of a sudden when it comes to make it really changed something changes.
But why? Well, the transparency day --  like that weird bear that still goes up.
It's unpredictable.   Like this weird rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is risky?
Let me eat an entire cup of Cookie Whitopia.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and telling them we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell our story."
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is looking at me as I used to do it -- he said, "Son, there are three sides in every story.
There's your story, it's my story, and it's the real story."
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency wanted to help me -- and that just because I knew John Bond and Richard Kiribati from many years, I realized that I would have to go on my mind, I would have to take off the intrinsic and go to companies myself with all my team.
So what I started warning all of a sudden -- what I started to realize -- is that when you start to conversation with companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big, big, giant movies and others who make small, independent movies, like mine.
And my friends who make big Hollywood movies -- giant giant movies, they say the reason their movies are so successful for the associated brands that they have.
And then my friends who make independent movies say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant Hollywood films of Hollywood?
And the film is called "The largest movie never selling."
How are we going to see Basin in the movie?
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my bottle, you'll see the Bank development.
At any point during an interview with someone I can say, "Are you very cool for this interview?
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you calm up.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview.
And there was one of these fabulous arms.
As much fuel for Florida of Parasitan," they're going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have as much for man as for women, solid to blood, in bars, like it.
That's the general view.
Now I can answer your questions and give them a strange look.
Karen Frank: We're a small brand.
Similar to the kind of smaller movies that you have, we are rather a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that other brands have.
So doing things like that, you know, remember the people are the reason why this is interested in.
MS: What words would you use to describe Bang?"
Bang is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: Technology technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something you put on the extent.
Man: We talk about something bold -- fresh.
I think "Freedom is a great word that actually puts this category into positive versus the smell and the super-security."
It keeps you cold.
How do you keep you cool more time? With better fraction, more fragment, three times more cold.
Things like those who are cutting the benefits.
MS: And that's a multi-produced company.
What about me? What about common kind?
I need to talk to the man on the street, and people like me, to the Common Pearl.
They have to talk to me about my brand.
MS: How do you define your brand.
Man: My mark?
I don't know.
I like good clothing.
Woman: Reverse the 1980s, standing at less than a washing day.
MS: Okay, what is the Grand brand here?
German: Something unique. (Music, unique. Man: I guess the kind of gender, the style that I have would be like a dark glamorous."
I like the dark colors, a lot of gray and things like that.
Usually I take access like sounds of sun, or I like crystals and similar ones.
Woman: If Dan was a brand could be a classic control, Merced Benjamin.
Man 2: The brand I'm going to call the career flight."
Woman 2: In part hospital, partly in the God, in part of Bolivat, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of masters.
I sell toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because I understand the market.
Man 5: March a failure failure.
Is that something?
Adamani: I'm a lawyer, lawyer.
Tom, I'm Tom.
MS: Well, not all of us can be brand, but I often classify in the intersection of dark glamorous and face-to-control flight."
I realized that I needed an expert.
I needed someone who could go into my head, somebody who could help me understand what they call "Market Peterty."
And I found a company called Olympic Zackline in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Nestia, February, Hall to discover that party personality.
If they could do it for them, they could surely do it for me.
Agentic: Tracks the pictures, right?
MS: Yeah. The first picture is a family picture.
A: Tell me a little bit about how you relate to your thoughts and feelings your way to be.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world that you live in, like the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are origin and start in a place, and in my case they are originally originally, and they start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next thing is "This was the best day of my life."
A: How does this relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way to be?
MS: It's like who I'd like to be.
I like different things.
I like weird things. I like weird things.
A: Tell me about the "Why is that?
What is the machine? What phase do you find now?
Why is it important to reconstruct? What is the red representation?
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little more than you, which is not who you are.
What other metaphors have you have?
There must be no fear. What kind of Russian mountain are you?
MS: Asyland.
A: Thank you for your patient. (Music, Great job. A, Yeah. (Music: Thank you very much. All right.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of crazy in all this.
Lindu Zacklin: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides -- but complex -- in your brand personality, the Mark Space brand is a conscious brand.
They get very well gotten together.
And I think there's almost a paradox.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or in the other instead of focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend -- and it's human nature, to avoid things that are not safe -- avoid fear, those elements, and you actually give them charge and make you positive to you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are this?
The first here is the classic class, Apple.
And you can also look here to Tail, With, mine from mine Cooper and Jenuted.
Now there are playful marks and conscious brands -- those things that have gone and come and come and a predictive brand is something quite powerful.
MS: A predictive brand. What's your mark?
If somebody asks you to describe your identity, your brand personality -- what would it be?
Are you an accidental attraction: Are you somebody who makes blood flow.
Or are you a distance of distraction?
A little bit more calm reserved, reserved conservation."
And the attractive attributes are like being a playful to be a fragment like the Prince, contemporary contraction, adventure, bold or bold like Europe Florida, fast or victim, professional, marriage, magic or mystic like Gandhi.
Or are you rather at the distance of disconnect?
Are you conscious like 1975?
Are you started, traditional -- provider, protection: you identify with Oprah?
Are you confident, stable, familiar, confident, safe, safe, control or wisdom, like the Dalai Lama or American?
In the course of this film, we had more than 500 companies, and they were addressing and descendants, who said "No, they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this movie, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control on the final product.
They allowed us to tell the history of neuroscience, and we got to tell the story in this movie of how the magnetic resonance now uses the magnetic resonance to identify the centers of the brain in the brain both for the commercial marketing as well.
We went to San Paulo where they've banned advertising to free air.
All over the city for the last five years, there are no cards, there are no candles, no volunteers.
And we went to school districts in which companies are doing road in schools with problems in the United States.
The amazing thing for me is that the projects in which I've had the biggest answer or what I've had more success are those in which I've been interacting with things directly.
And that's what these brands did.
They took the intriguing to the introductions, they took their agencies, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to treat directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that is going to be thinking about people, which is going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how do you have gone? Did you succeed.
Well, since the movie is stretched in the Sunday Festival -- we take a look.
According to the film the film stress in January, and since then -- and this is not all -- we've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This cover just a period of two and a half weeks.
That's just online -- no press, no TV.
The film is still not distributed yet.
It's still online. It's not in starvation.
It's not even presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not bad, because almost all the agencies that we talk about was advanced to their customers not to be part.
I've always believed that if you get risky, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you get people out of that you're pushing them to failure.
I believe that when you train your employees in the risk of the risk is preparing all your company to get you rewards.
I feel that what has to happen to advance is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people to not fear the opportunities that they can scare them.
Ultimately, I'll move forward, I think we need to give it place to fear.
We have to put that bear into a cage cage.
We open fear. We open the risk.
From one square, we have to embrace risk.
And in definition, we have to get the transparency.
Today more than ever a bit of honesty is going to get a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk "We "are "being introduced by the Transition friends who for 17,000 bought the rights of the name in Evellin.
EM: With a big data in large opportunities for companies around the world.
EM: The TED shows "We "Don't try Transition."
Thank you very much people.
June Cohen: So, Morgan in behalf of transparency, which happened exactly with those 172?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket I have a name of name of the name of TED, the Salard Foundation, a child for 70 to be applied to my TED of the next year.
The idea behind the IT computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the wealth of wealth in Native Nation.
The gray boxes that you see are real-time control systems.
If we can compromise these systems that control speed and values, we can cause a lot of problems with the center.
The gray boxes don't use Windows software -- they are completely different technology.
But if we managed to put out an effective virus from Windows in a portable computer used by an engineer to make this gray box, then we are ready.
This is the plan behind Stanford.
We started with a Windows instrument.
The oil goes into the gray box, damage the center, and the nuclear nuclear program is demonstrated -- mission.
Is it easy, huh?
I want to tell you how we discover this.
When we started researching about Stanford six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown to it.
The only thing I knew is that it's very, very complex in the World part -- the installation used multiple vibrating vulnerability.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That was called the attention, and we started an experiment where we infected our environment with Stanford, and we saw what happened to this.
So they had very strange things.
Stanford was behaving as a lab rat that he didn't like our cheese -- he smelled it, but he didn't want to eat.
It didn't make sense for me.
And after experimenting with different cheese flavors -- I realized, and I thought, this is a directed attack.
It's completely directive."
The installation is actively looking at the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program you're trying to infect is effectively working in that location.
No, Stephen doesn't do anything.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal is.
It could be, say, for example, a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better than we discovered the goal soon.
So we extracted and we put the code of attack, and we found that I was structured in two digital bombs -- a little bit and a big one.
We also saw that they were armed very professionally by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the points that I would attack.
They probably even know how much the operator.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that Stanford installed is complex and high technology, let me tell you the burden is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this code of attack.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old reduction language.
I want to tell you how we could find sense of this code.
What we were looking for at the beginning were called the systems of the system, because we know what they do.
Then we looked for temporary temporary and structures and data structures, and we tried to relate them to the real world, with the potential potential of the real world.
We need theories about determination that we can approve or destroy.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent satellite, it must be a valuable white black, and it's surely located in Iran, because it's where most infection has been represented.
You don't find several thousand targets in that area.
It basically boils down to the nuclear energy plant from Bush and the National National National English plant.
So I said to my assistant, "Mermaid a list of all the experts in centers and energy plants between our clients.
I called them and I consulted them in an effort for putting up their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could associate the little digital oxytocin with the control of the robot.
The robot is that cell part inside the center, that black object you see.
If you drive the speed of this robot, you certainly can break it and even make the cell explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and discover in an obvious effort to go back to the engineering engineers, so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to figure out the big digital oxytocin looking at the data and their structures.
So for example, the number 164 support in that code, you can't obvious.
I started to research scientific literature about how these cells are built in Natasha and found that they're structures in what's called a category, and each waterfall contains 164 centers.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better yet.
These centers in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the attack code in the concert?
A pretty identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
It wasn't massive: it wasn't like this.
The results have been generated after several weeks of hard work.
We eventually finished in the contacts and we had to go back again.
Even so, we discovered that both digital oil optimisms would go to one single goal, but from different angle.
The small oil is taking a waterfall and making the Roots and the retrospective relatives, and the big oil is communicating with six waterfall and manipulating tubes.
In addition, we are very confident that we've determined what the destination is.
It's Natasha, and it's just Natasha.
We shouldn't worry that other targets are reached by Stanford.
So here I show you a few very interesting things that we saw, really impressed me.
There's the gray box there, and you see the centers.
What this thing does is to intercept sensors from sensors for example, from pressure sensors and violence sensors and provide legitimate code, which still execute during the attack with false input data.
And believe or not, this false entry data is written by Stanford.
It's like the Hollywood movies where, during the robot, the security camera feeds a predictable video.
Is it great in?
The idea here is obviously not only to bring the operators into the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive.
The idea is to build a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the big steam turbine happens to be speed, you have to open up screen valve tubes.
Obviously, this can't make it a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're committed, then they can pass bad things.
The plant can explode.
And not the operating system will notice it.
That scares that.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is general.
It has nothing to see, specifically, with centers, with uranium energy.
It could work as well, for example, in an energy plant, or a car factory.
It's general.
And you don't have the attack -- that to spread this payload with an USB key, as we saw in Stanford case.
You could also use conventional worm technology to disseminate it.
Do it more possible.
And if you do that, what you end up with is a cyber destruction cybercriminal.
That's the consequence we need to face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and Japan.
All green areas are spaces with large numbers of targets.
We need to face the consequences and better than we start preparing now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralph has been public in many sides that people assume that Mosis is the main energy behind this.
What's your opinion?
Ralph Lang"], OK, do you really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My view is that the Mose is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber survival.
There is one single one, and that's the United States, fortunately, fortunately lucky.
Because otherwise our problems would be even larger.
CA: Thanks for limiting. Thank you, Randor.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and give it solid skills, or another one that makes you use wheelchair users and go back to walk.
In Berkeley Bionics: We call these robots, electrons.
It's nothing different from something that is put in the morning, gives you a great force, which is also increasing your speed, and helps you, for example, to handle the balance.
It's actually the real integration of man and machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other foreign people.
This is not a real idea.
To show you now what we're working on now in what we're working on, we started talking about the American soldier that, on average, it must take on your back a 45-year-old load and you're choosing to take even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back, 30 percent of soldiers -- with chronic damage.
We decided to take this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help handle the issue.
Let me introduce you to the HD -- or Port Human Carlies.
Soldier: With the HIV/AIDS exoskeleton I can cover 90 pounds by variable terrain for many hours.
Their flexible design, it allows you to put in clock and execute movements with great aging.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then I increase my strength and my resistance.
Einstein Benjamin: We're ready, with our industrial partner, to produce this device, this new exoskeleton this year.
It's a reality.
Let's go back and look at the users of wheelchair, about what I'm particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people in the world, in wheelchair chairs around the world.
About one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation here.
We talk about something that happens often -- very young people, with damage in the vertical column that they start their life -- in the 20, 30 or 40 years -- they collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only option.
We also talk about the population that is aging to be quickly.
Their only choice, many times -- for a brain injury or some of the other complications -- is the wheelchair.
And this has been like this for the last 500 years, from its successful appearance, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start writing a new chapter on mobility.
Let me introduce you the electron that is using Amanda Bourday who was using 19 years ago had a legislation in the vertical column, and as a result I couldn't walk back for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Beeting: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our Electrostals, which I mentioned.
It has a few sensors.
They're completely not invasive in the crutches that send signals to the computer on the bottle, here in the back.
There are also a few batteries that give you energy to the motors in the hip. And in the knees, and they do it with this soft and very natural self.
AB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when, by a stranger jump in the air, skiing down it was paralyzed.
In a fraction of second, I lost all feeling and all of the motion of the pile down.
Shortly later, a doctor came into my room in the hospital, and he said, "Aman," never walk again."
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole to the last ounce of hope of my being.
The technology of adaptation since then, it has allowed me to learn how to slide it down in stage, climbing rocks and even riding on a hand.
But they haven't invented anything that allowed me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change future generations -- not just of soldiers, but to Amanda and all users of wheelchair to all.
AB: Thank you.
I just returned from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the battery, practice sex to say hello, and the game is the order of the day, where the fun is serious.
And no, it's not the Festival of Man Anderson or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, meet their cousins.
This is the world of wild bonobos in the container of Congo.
The bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living relatives.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother that lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known for their adverse.
But unfortunately, we've done too much dinner in this aspect in our narratives of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big guys, terrifying guys, Bonobo society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special because this leads to a very tolerant society where the mortal violence hasn't been observed yet.
But unfortunately, the bonobos are the least understood of the big apes of them.
They live in the depths of the Congolese rainforest, and it's been very difficult to study them.
The Congo is a paradox, a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the tunnel itself -- scenario of a violent conflict that has been spread for decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War.
It is not surprising that this destruction also put in danger the survival of the bonobos.
The meat of hunting and deforestation makes you that you can't fill a stadium with the bonobos that stay in the world, and honestly we're not sure about it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the laughter hidden by making the trees.
Who are these commons?
We know them like the apes "Do the love, not the war -- because they have a frequent sex, fish and bisexual to handle conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of the bonobos is more than the Susan Kamen.
Bonosters, like humans, loves playing along their entire life.
Play is not just a game of children.
For us and for them, the game is fundamental to establish links and foster tolerance to it.
We learn to trust it, and we learn the rules of play.
Play increases creativity and resilience, and it has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions, behavioral diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity.
And when you look at the Bonobo game, you see the evolutionary roots themselves, the dance and the human ritual itself.
The game is the glue that unites us.
I don't know how you play but I want to show you a couple of unique girls taken from the wild medium.
First, it's a Bonobo story game, and I don't talk about football play.
Here is a female and a young male in the middle of a persuasion.
Look at what it is.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, it has the balls of the balls."
I just think that in this case he loves him, right?
Yeah.
So sexual game is common as well as humans.
And this video really is interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements into play -- like the testing -- and also how play requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time is the most fun thing.
But play is police.
The game is political, it can adopt a lot of forms, some of which are more translator, imaginations, curious -- maybe the place where the amazing wonder is.
And I want you to see -- this is Furba, a young female who is playing with water.
I think that, like her, sometimes we play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and outside worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact with, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real seed of creativity.
These are just little samples of understanding that Bonobos give us from our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities.
In other words, play is our adaptation.
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play.
But will we take the maximum of our game ability?
The game is not favorite.
Play is essential.
For Bonobo and humans, life is not just cruel and disappeared.
When it seems like the least appropriate play, they can be the moments that the most urgent thing.
So first, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we rediscover creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York I'm responsible for a nonprofit organization called Robin Holly.
When I'm not fighting poverty, I combat fires as a car assistant.
And in our city, where volunteers have a highly skilled staff one has to get to the bottom of the fire very soon to enter action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer in the site, so I had a pretty high probability to go.
But there was still a racing career against the other volunteers to get to the captain in charge and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain, I was shocked in a conversation with the owner that certainly came through one of the worst days of his life.
We were at full night -- she was standing outside in the rain, under a paradox, in single, shooting, while his house was in flames.
The other volunteer I had just arrived before I was -- let's call it Leo Luther --  -- came first to the captain and asked him to go into the dog and save the dog on the house.
The dog. I was so clock."
There was a lawyer or a gesture of money who, during the rest of his life, would have to tell people that I entered a building in calls to save a living being just because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me an approach.
He said, "Because, I need you to go home.
I need it to go up, go through the fire, and give this woman a couple shoes."
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected but I went -- I went on the stairs, at the end of the hall, went to the real firemen that that height, had finished off the fire and entered the main room in search of a pair of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my load back on the staircase where I met my Names and the beautiful dog in the front door.
We took out of the house for the owner of home where, as I was to expect, his treasure.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter from the house to thank you for the brave effort shown to save your house.
The kindness that she looked at about the other was that someone had reached a couple of shoes.
Both in my voice in Robin House as in my voice as a volunteer fireman, I am witness of acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also acts of grace and courage at the individual.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So, when I look at this room to people who have done, or they're about to do, remarkable levels of success, I'd like to remind you this: Don't expect.
They don't wait for the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give, let's say it now.
They serve food in a dining dining camera, they cleaned up a neighborhood park.
They're mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone but every day we're going to be able to influence somebody's lives.
So go into the game -- save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark comes back.
Mark Beats: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a great fan of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1868 with a very simple idea: cement modules of a fixed measurement that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used building unit in the world.
They've allowed us to build things bigger than us, like buildings or bridges, a brick at the same time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, Lego came up with this.
He was called automatic assembly brick landscape.
And in a few years, LIGO bricks.
It's estimated that over 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be an engineer to build beautiful bridges or buildings or houses.
LIGO did it accessible.
LIGO simply adopted the block of concrete, the favor in the world, and it became a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to announced: the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of aesthetic bricks attached to each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Just like the concrete block, the transistor allows you to create a lot bigger and more complex, a brick at the same time.
But there's a main difference: the transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of bringing engineers into the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing Library.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Librarians are electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're ready to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about everything is that they get together by man.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks have a code of color.
The green is the subject, the blue is the current. The pink is the input and the orange color is the advance.
So you just have to assemble a blue with a green one, and very quickly you can start to make bigger circuits.
A blue with one green produce light.
We can put a button in the middle and we have a regulator.
If we change the button by a pulse module. It's here, and now we have a light interest.
We added this grave to create more impact and have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond simple play, Librarians are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program, connecting and sun, Libraryas allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To make a speed faster or slower, you just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind Library is that it's a growing collection.
We want all the interactions in the world to be reduced to bricks ready to use.
Lights, sound, solar panels, motors, everything must be accessible.
We've given libraries to children to see them playing with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how you start to understand the electronics of every day that you don't learn in schools.
For example, how a daylight is working, or why the door of an elevator is held open, or how an iPod responds to the touch.
We've also led Library to design schools.
So for example, designers without experience in electronics start playing with Libraryas as a material.
Here you can see, with bottles of paper and filter, we have Georgia creating it.
Methane sounds)  A few weeks ago, we took Librarians to the designers of Rhode Island of Rhode Island who don't have any experience in engineering, just in cards, wood and paper, and we said, "Make something.
Here's an example of a project that they've done, a content of connected confidence for movement.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a launch made of platform that has fear of darkness.
For these not engineers, Librarians became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be aware of all.
So Libabethan has open source.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world that we live in, this interactive world, is us.
So ahead and invent it.
Thank you.
Today I'm going to talk to you about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company is looking for to engage with the environment.
distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm. Wait for a moment.
You can bring a little bit into charge.
We can. We can continue to better leave the video on one side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
Solar technology is ...
Oh, I'm already terms of time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that they are supposed to be stopped, and we asked them to work on government.
The initiative was called "Consequent for America and they would be like Paulo Bush for technical techniques.
We selected some members every year, and we put them to work with medications.
Instead of sending them to Third World we send them to the wild global world.
They did great applications -- they worked with the municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of today's technology.
You know Alone.
A heart of the city of Boston.
Here it appears as if you look for a date, but what you really look for is someone clean it when you're trapped by the snow because you know it's not very good at taking fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did it get to help this single way?
Last year in Boston we had a team of "Medical Country for America.
They were there in February, and at that time I was nervous last year.
They realized that the city never cleaned these hydrogens.
But one of the members called Erik Michael noticed something else than citizens cleaned up with sticks right in front of them.
So he did like any good programmer, develop an app.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a heartbreak.
You accept to clean it up when you snow.
When you do that, you put a name, in this case I put it.
If you don't do it, somebody can relate.
You know, it has a playful component.
It's a modest app.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 applications programmed last year.
But it does something that no other government technology does.
And it spreads in a viral form.
One responsible from the city of Honolulu, when we saw this application realized that I could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to adopt the tsunami signals.
It's very important to work these tsunami, but people are stealing the batteries.
So I ask the citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens leave the sandwiches of the stairs.
And Chicago just launched it to get people to record to clean sidewalks when they snow.
So now we know about nine cities that plan using it.
And this has spread without friction and organic and natural.
If you know a little bit about government technology you will know that this doesn't happen.
Social addiction typically takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us to have done for normal channels that would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's not anything.
Now there's a project in the Southern California power that the moment has cost 200 billion dollars and doesn't work.
And there are projects like this in every level of government.
So an app that is programmed in a couple of days and spread in viral form is a kind of warning fire to the institution of government.
It suggests the best government ways to work, not as in private companies, as many people think it should be.
Nor as a technological company, but rather like the Internet itself.
I mean, without restaurants, in open and generative form.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents the way to address the question of the government that has new generation, not as a problem of a controlled institution, but as a collective action problem.
And that's very good because it turns out we are very good for the collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy.
And it's not only "Cheer-confured for America, but there are hundreds of people all over the country who contribute with civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given with the government.
They feel a great frustration to that, but they don't complain -- they fix it.
And these people know something that we've lost of view.
And that is that if we leave the feelings about politics, the line at DVD Australia, and all of those other things that we get crazy, the government is essentially in the words of Tim Reagan, which we do together because we only don't can."
Now, many people have abandoned government.
If you are one of those people, I would ask you to get it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change. government.
And because the government is ultimately emailed from us, remember that from us, the people? The way we think about it will affect the way we produce change.
I didn't know a lot about government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that government was going to be choosing people to be able to take charges.
Well, after two years I've come to the conclusion that the government is mostly slightest issues.
This is the center of phone care and information.
It's the place that you have called the calls if you mark 311 in America.
Scott took this call.
Income "Brigade at the base of official knowledge.
I didn't find anything. It started with animal control.
And finally he said, "Hey, you can open the door from the house, put music good and see if it comes out?
And it worked. So for Scott.
But that's not the end of the slogans.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app and web and mobile called Cities Connecticut."
We don't program that application.
It was the work of very smart people from the New York City of Boston.
One day, this actually happened this said, "Bright on my garbage cube -- I don't know if it's dead.
How do I make it really strike?"
City Content dynamics is different.
Scott was talking in person.
In Cities Connecticut, everything is public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, he saw it a neighbor.
The next report said, "I came to the place, I found the garbage cube behind the house.
Rain? Yeah. Living? Yeah.
I went home. I went home.
Good night, sleeping sleep."
Pretty simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of the digital and the physical.
And it's also a great example of the income of government to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technological definition of platform.
I'm talking about a platform for people to shake and help others.
So, a citizen helped another, but here the government had a key role here.
I connected the two people.
And it could have connected to the government services of being necessary but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When a neighbor helps another, we strengthen the communities.
If we call control of animals, that costs a lot of money.
An important thing that we need to think about government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but they think you're the input of the other.
That our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader, sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader, and then we hope that government reflects our values and satisfying our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because the government is like an immense ocean and politics is the surface layer of 15 centimeters, right?
On the bottom is what we call building.
And we say that word with a lot of contempt.
But it's that decline that keeps us that it belongs to us that we fund as something that operates in our face, that other thing, and in consequence we're losing power.
People believe that politics is sensitive.
If we want this institution to work, we will have to make the bureaucracy sexy.
Because that's where the real government work happens.
We have to collaborate with government machinery.
That makes the Olympic movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of worried citizens who have written a very detailed report from 325 pages in response to the saying of the SECG of Values.
That's not political activism -- it's bureaucratic activity.
And for those of us who have resisted to the government, it's time we ask ourselves what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the enormous challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really believe that we will get to where we have to go without solving the institution that can act in behalf of all of us?
We can't enjoy government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to repair the government function so that it can expand by training civil society.
There's a generation that grew up with the Internet, and it knows that it's not so difficult to act manipulated, you just have to articulate the systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28 years old, so I am a greater generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face who it's going to talk about, they're all going to speak.
They can express their opinions on any channel at the same time and they do.
So when you face the government problem, you don't care much to do your voices.
They're using hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make it work better to government.
And those applications allow us to use hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaning up a heart, taking off weeds -- dumping a garbage cube that has a slogan inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those hydrogens and a lot of people do.
But these applications are like digital reminder that we're not only consumers -- we're not just government consumers that we pay taxes, and we get services.
We are more than that, we're citizens.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't fix the citizens.
So I want to ask all of the present, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, will be a crowd of voices, or will we be a hand-profit marketing of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and the corridor of death.
I've spent most of my life in market communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And I'll be here at TED watching and hearing these stimulus sticks have given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time is that TED has identity.
And the things that you say here are impact around the world.
In times, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that would not have otherwise.
I mean this because I think identity is really important.
Here we have seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if they teach with feeling, they can have special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, whether it's carefully, can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this in the practice of the right, my work.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house from a American family dominated by a marriage, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, it had power.
It was the last word in the family.
She started a lot of the decisions in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born on slavery in Virginia about 1440.
She was born about 1880 and his experience with slavery.
She was hard, but it was also amazing.
When I was a little girl and I looked at her, she was approaching me and gave me a good hug.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe, and then I was solved.
One or two hours later, I came back and looked at it, and he said, "Being, do you still feel my advice?"
And if I told him no, I would wake up again, and if I told him yes, he was in peace.
He had this human quality that made you always want to be near it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the last 10.
In times, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and his attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight or nine years, I woke up one morning, I went to the room and there were running all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first, I thought it was a game.
So I looked at it and smiled, but she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she got up, and he got up the room, he took me out of my hand, and he said, "You see Brian. We are both going to convince."
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me out and said, "Beer, I'll tell you something, but you can't say to anybody.
I said, "Okay, Mahar."
She said, "Now I'm sure you won't do it." I said, "Sure."
Then I sat down, and he looked at me, and he said, "I want you to know that I've been watching you."
And he said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to give me three things, Broadway."
I said, "So, Mahar."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to do is you always want your mother."
Adam" -- "She is my daughter, and you have to let me always care for her."
As I loved my mom, I said, "Yes, mama, so I'll do it."
Then he said, "The second thing I want you to promise me is that you will always do the right thing as hard as the hard."
I thought that and I said, "Yes, Mahar. So I'll do it."
Then, finally he said, "The third thing I want you to promise me is that you never drink alcohol.
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yeah, mama, so I'll do it."
I grew up in the field, in rural South -- I have a brother a year older and a sister a year.
When I was 14 or 15, one day my brother came home with a six-year-old package of six, I don't know where the salar did, grabbed my sister and I went to the forest.
We're just doing the crazy madness.
He took a beer from beer, she offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. All right. You go, but I'm not going to take beer.
My brother said, "Come on. Today I do it. And you always do the same thing as us.
I took something, your sister too. Take a beer.
I said, "No, I won't feel good. You can follow.
Then my brother looked at me.
He said, "What's going on? Take a beer."
I was sort of shot up with strength and he goes, "Oh, not that you're still thinking about the conversation with Mama."
I said, "But what are you talking about?
He said, "Mom tells all the grandchildren that are special.
I was desperately.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that I probably shouldn't say.
I know this is going to spread up.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't mean this thinking that it is a virtue. I say it for the power that identity is.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things to others that really don't see any sense.
We can't get to do things that don't believe to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been paying for protection.
My uncle died of age-related diseases.
And these were the things that, according to it, we had to engage with.
Now, trying to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is now very different than what it was about 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
There's 2.3 million.
In America, we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in conventional freedom.
And this massive experiment, in my view, has changed fundamentally our world.
In poor or black communities, it's so disaster, so much despair, determined by these facts.
One out of every three black between the ages of 18 and 30 is in jail or in parole.
In urban communities across the country, Los Algestonalios, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Washington, 50 to 60 percent of all color young people are in jail or in parole.
Our system is not just distorted in front of the race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a judicial system that is much better about whether you're rich and guilty.
It's not guilty, but it wealth what the results are.
And it seems to be very quiet.
The politics of fear and function makes us believe that these are not problems.
We're disconnected.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work in our work some very curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, you are privileged by right if you have a criminal condition.
Right now in Alabama, 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years, the level of loss of rights will be as elevated as it was before they passed the law from the right to the vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my customers are very young.
America is the only country in the world where children are severed to die in prison.
We have this prison country for children, no chance to get out ever.
Right now we're in the process of some litigation now.
The only country in the world.
I represent people in the death corridor of death.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
In a sense, have you been taught to think that the final question is, people deserve to die for the commercial crimes?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think of how we are in our identity.
There's another way to look at it: it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for crimes committed to, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by error.
In every nine performance people, it's been identified one that is innocent that is exciting and released from the corridor of death.
A mistake of error -- an innocent of every nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation it would never be allowed to stick airplanes if every nine that they would display, you would have to study.
But somehow we isolate the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of whether we deserve to kill.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history, I talk about slavery.
I talk to you about terrorism, the time that started at the end of the reconstruction and lasted until World War II.
We really don't know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a time defined by the terror.
In many communities, people were afraid of being linked.
He worried about being bombed.
The terror threat was what he defined his lives.
Now there are older people who come to me and say, "Mr. Stevenson, you say talks about it, do speech. Give people the people who stop saying that in our history, we are the first time with terrorism, after 1912.
They ask me to say, "No, say we grew up with it."
The age of terrorism continued obviously with segregated and declined rediscovery and separation decades.
In this country, we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've historically done.
All the time we collide each other.
We constantly created tensions and conflict.
It costs us to talk about race. I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome rational security, without a commitment with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving talks about death penalty conference.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know it's okay to hear what you say.
Alabama: We don't have death row in Germany.
We will naturally never have it here."
The room stayed in silence and a lady said, "There is no way that with our story, we can never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentional and deliberately, we would be able to run people."
So I think about this.
How do we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, would execute people, especially if they were mostly Journal?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there is this disconnection.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we don't really care about these things that are so difficult and positive and wonderful things are, however, involved.
We love innovation.
We are fascinated by technology. We love creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately those realities are excited by suffering, abuse abuse, degradation, marginalization.
In my view, you need to integrate both things.
We lately talk about the need to have more hope, more commitment, more dedication with the basic challenges of this complex world.
I think that means to spend more time thinking and talking about the poor, the waste, the ones that will never get to TED.
Think about them is, in some ways, something that's within our being.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
That's how we are. Even though it's so rational, so committed to the intellectual thing.
With creativity, with creativity. development comes not just of brain ideas.
These things come from ideas as well as the hearts of the heart.
This connection of the mind with heart is what drives us to look at not only the brilliant, detailed, but also the dark and the hard.
Valley Hawkington, the great Greek leader, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe suffering the oppression -- we wanted all sorts of things, but mostly what we needed was hope, order for the spirit -- a willingness to be in sports and with texture."
Well, that order for the spirit is virtually in the heart of what I think, that still in communities like TED, should be committed.
There's no disconnect related to technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, to exclusion.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's go back to them.
I had the great privilege, being a very young lawyer to meet Rosa Parks.
These women are just meeting to speak.
Occasionally, Mr. Carter called me to say, "Being, "Beijing, comes the Mrs. We're going to meet ourselves to speak.
Do you want to come and listen to it?
I said, "I know lady. I do."
So she said, "Well, and what do you do when you come from?
I said, "Let's hear it."
So I went and just listened to them.
It was really vertically, very unique.
And in one occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Ms. Parks ran to me and said, "Now Brian, tell me that it's that idea of egalitarian justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started giving him my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those people who have been convicted in the table.
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice.
We try to end up with the feelings of life, without a conditional freedom for children.
We try to do something about the death penalty thing.
We try to reduce the population in jail.
We try to end up with mass prices."
I gave her all my best speech, and he looked at me and he said, "My member member membrane."
And he said, "For the finished finished, very farmer."
At that time, Mrs. Car leaned up, put my finger on the face and said, "It's why you have to be very valuable."
I think the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to figure out how to tackle those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated on simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that each of us is higher to the worst we've ever made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong to you, it's not a parade.
Even if someone kills another, it's not that it is an assess.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by law.
I also think that in many parts of this country and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
This is not.
I really think that in many parts of the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic -- very beautiful, very unique, very stimulating, we will not judge ourselves for our technology, for our design, not for our intellectual or rational ability.
At the end of the end, you judge the character of a society, not the way you treat rich and powerful and privileged -- but the way you treat the poor, your containers, your prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand truly profound issues about what we are.
I feel desperately delivered. I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much force.
I was tired, like all.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in an important way.
I've been representing these guys who have been sitting in a lot of difference.
I go to jail and I see my 13-year-old customers and 14 years old, who have been diagnosed to be judged as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone in what isn't it?
The judge was addicted as an adult, but I see a child.
One night I was willing to think about it -- for God, if judge can become something that you're not supposed to have magic powers.
Yes, Brian, the judge has magic powers.
You should ask some of that.
As I was very late, I couldn't think right, but I started working on a motion.
He had 14 years old, a little bit, poor, black.
I started working on the motion, with an advice that said, "Monitor so that my 14-year-old black customer is treated as a 75-year-old privilege, executive of a corporate."
In fact, I put in the course that there was a behavior in the accident, in the behavior of police and in the process.
There was a bold line about how in this country there is no ethic but a whole lack of ethics.
The next morning I woke up thinking about that money would be a dream, or actually write it?
For my horror, I wasn't just reduced it, but I had sent it to the court.
About two months, I had forgotten it.
And finally I decided -- I have to go to the court for this stupid case.
I went to the car and felt really solid, overwhelmed.
I went in the car to the court.
I thought this would be very difficult and window.
I finally got out of the car. I walked to court.
I was going up the stairs when I found a bigger black man -- it was the condition of the court.
When I saw me, I came up and said, "Who is you?"
I said, "I'm a laboratory." He said, "Is you advocated?" I said yes.
So I get closer and open me.
And I whispered in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was very very very very viral.
That was deeply connected with my interior, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
When I got in, the judge saw me.
And he said, "Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this store market?
I said, "I know Mr. I went on Mr." And we started discussing it.
People started coming in. They were all innovated.
I was the one who had written those madness.
The cops came out of the aspiration parameters, the audiences.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people, all successes because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the eye slavery I went to see to the advice that went and came.
I looked at the window and addicted to hear all that grandmother.
I kept walking down here and there.
Finally, this old black old black, in the room, went into the room and sat behind me, almost on the table of lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge decided a recess.
During the rest of a algorithm assistant it was shot because the consensus had entered the room.
The assistant.
And he said, "Mimi, what do you do in the audience room?
And the old black stood up, looked at the assistant, looked at me and said, "I've got this audience room to tell this young man to keep her view on the goal with significant."
I've come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big, but it folds into justice.
That we cannot be truly evolved if we don't care about human rights and for dignity.
That our survival is linked to each other.
That our visions of technology and design and entertainment and creativity should be left to the fractions, compassion and justice.
And above all, to those of the present people who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view on the target with a signature.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire of the audience, in this community, to help in your purposes of doing something.
Something that's not a chicken. What can we do?
BF: There are various opportunities nearby.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a referral this spring in which you will do an effort to portray the funds that are spent today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars on death penalty in the next five years. billion dollars.
And despite this, 46 percent of the homicide cases don't get in arguments.
56 percent of the rape doesn't get to anything.
Here's a change of change.
This reference is going to propose that these funds will be determined to make the law, to security.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in crime in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation, it's said that it has to do with the biggest rate of incarceration rate.
What would you say to the people who believe that it is?
BF: Actually, the rate of crime with violence has remained relatively stable.
The great growth in mass incarceration in this country is not for crimes with violence.
It's about the wrong war against drugs.
That's why it comes up this dramatic increase in the prison population.
And we let ourselves convince the contract of the punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people into the perpetual chain, to steal a bicycle, by small crimes against property instead of making those resources come into their victims.
I think we need to do more to help the victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy about punishment does nothing for anyone.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brian, you've been excited today here.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Announcer: They grow the threats for Bin Laden death.
Voice 2: famine in Somalia, Congress 3: The police dropped O.C. spray passengers.
And I titled four Congressed Catherina, Charles five -- methane crosses.
Announcer: Social decision. Announcer: 65 dead.
Announcer: Atheire of tsunami, Congress nine," Cities.
Several lots: war. War destroying. Master destruction.
Recent. Bathmanian. Financial Justine. Egypt.
Crimes. dead. disaster.
Oh, my God.
Peter Diamonds: These are just some of the clips that I got over the last six months -- they would probably be the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that the media of press prefer to provide negative news because our minds pay attention to them.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second one day our senses get a lot more data than the brain probably can process.
And as nothing is more important to survive, the first stop of all of that data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called a seamounts.
The amygdala is our early warning detector -- the danger detector.
Order and record all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
So from a dozen stories we'll prefer to look at the negative.
That old response of the press, "If there's blood, sells," is very true.
And because all of the digital devices give us the seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, it's not surprising that we are persistent.
It's not surprising that people think that the world is going to get worse.
But maybe not.
Maybe instead what happens is that we get distributions.
Perhaps the huge progress done in the last century for a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problem: climate change, species extinction, water scarcity and energy -- certainly we have.
As human beings, we are very good at addressing problems, and we end up with them.
We look at it in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, life average has more than doubled, average income per capita per capita per capita has been tripled around the world.
Child mortality has been reduced 10 times.
In addition, the cost of food, electricity and transportation and communication, has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pink showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kennedy spent 25 to more than 80 to more than 80 percent of the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we continue to get more and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, in America, much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, bathrooms, reflexis, television, mobile air and cars.
The magnetic markets of the past century, the plants of the planet, would never have dreamed with such luxury.
By supporting a lot of this is technology, and lately its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that's going on in the information technology jumps in this curve, Moore's Law, and doubling price performance in about 12 to 24 months.
So the phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and 1,000 times faster than a super-severe supercomputer.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First, the soft thing it is, in good and bad times, in war and peace, in recession and depression and suggestion.
This is the rapid computer result used to build faster computers.
It doesn't stop before any big challenges.
And even though it's gradually in a law on the left, it curve goes up.
The growth rate of technology is actually faster and faster.
And in this curve, in the horses of Moore's Law, there's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we tell today.
The computation in the cloud, that my friends of Australia call infinite computing and sensors and networks, robotics, 3D printing and their ability to democratize the whole planet, synthetic biology, fuels, vaccines and food, digital medicine and Nations and A.I.
I mean, how many of you saw the victory in Jasa from Watson, of IBM?
It was stick.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline that I had.
And I loved this one: Watson goes to human opposites."
Jeffer is not a easy game.
It plays with the mathematics of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Nike University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can be used to solve the big challenges of humanity.
And every year we ask them to throw a company, or a product or a service that can possibly affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the lives of a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have sounded absurd.
Today we can point out a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating luxury life for every single single person on the planet, it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that stuff out and turning it up.
You see, scanner is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
Let me give you an example.
It's a story by Napoleon B in the 1980s.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited the king of Simon.
Napkaye troops ate with plate covered covers, and the same Bank, with gold covered together.
But the king of Simon, ate with aluminum covered covers.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet, more than gold and plate.
So the tip of the monument to Washington is advanced.
You see, although aluminum is 83 percent of the mass of Earth, it doesn't come as pure metal.
It's bound by oxygen and synchronists.
But then the electronics came and made the aluminum something so cheap that we used it as if it was disconnected.
We project this analogy to the future.
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet sailing for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to the Earth 16 units of energy every 18 minutes.
It's not about scarcity, it's about accessibility.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the solar energy cost in India is 50 percent less than the general degree of deliberation: 8,000 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, the solar electricity will cost six cents the dance per hour compared to the 15 cents of national media.
And if we have energy abundance we also have water abundance too.
Let's talk about the wars in the water.
Do you remember when Carl Salary pointed up the Voyager spacecraft on Earth, in 1990, after Saturn?
He took a famous picture. How did he call it?
"A pale blue point."
Because we live on a water planet.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent water.
Yes, 96 percent is saltwater, two percent is ice, and we fight for 95 percent of the planet on the planet, but there's a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
The nanotechnology comes, the names.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the super-sectors of the project -- I'd like to share with you, he gave me permission to do it, his technology called Shinesuan -- and I already know it -- it's the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water a day from any source, salting, contaminated water -- for less than two cents a gallon.
The president of Coke just agreed to do an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes good, and I have full confidence that it will be, Coca-Cola will implement it globally in 200 countries on the planet.
This is an innovation that is driven by this technology that is today.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the developing world by the end of 2013.
Think about it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And to tell with a smart cell with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of abundance of information and communications that nobody could have predicted before.
better than that, the things that you and I have paid dozens and hundreds of thousands of dollars PD: HIV video, images, books of books and music, medical diagnostic technology, now they're demonstrated and lost market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best comes when the health applications.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Campaign Foundation something called the X Chamber Tribe, 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the teams of the world so that they combine these technologies in a mobile device with which they talk about, and because they have AI -- they can take a blood out of the finger.
To win has to make better diagnosis than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the marketing charge is 25 percent and there are 1.3 percent health workers.
When this device sequence is a virus of RNA or DNA that I don't recognize -- to call the whole health and first of all, avoiding that pandemic happens.
But this is the biggest force to produce an abundance world.
I call it the billion.
The white lines here are the population.
We just spent the brand of the seven billion billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to give the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, go from two billion to five billion users on the Internet.
Three billion minds never before you add to global conversation.
What would these people?
What do you want to consume? What do you want to do?
And instead of an economic collapse we'll have the largest economic injection in history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars injected in the global economy.
And they will move more health thanks to the Tribe, from a better education with the Khan Academy and because of the use of 3D printing, and the computation in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can provide us three billion more members of humanity, healthy and productive health?
How about a few voices never before you?
What if we give them the optimists, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and power for the first time?
What are these three billion of these things?
What if they're contributions that we can't predict?
One thing I learned with the X Prize is that small equipment, guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things, things that only could only make great corporations and governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you have already met.
It's called Fold.
It came at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino amino acids, and find out the way protein will be.
The folds determine the structure and the functionality.
It's very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a supercomputer problem.
They've played with this college teachers, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people came together and started playing it.
And it has shown that today the recognition of human patterns of human patterns is better by folding proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge confidence in the future is that we have more power as people to take big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the supernova innovation.
We have the capital of the technology.
And we have three billion new minds that will join us to work in the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have an extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
The current point of point of part.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, before I'll give you three examples to do time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1883.
You might believe that you chase pinks, but it wasn't like that.
I actually collect fish.
And I described one of them as a very common."
It was the member.
It was a lot of fish until the 1880s.
Now the fish is at the Red List of the UNICE.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing special about it.
But the case is that we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're press.
The flowers still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept -- the spirit of the waist.
Because I was there in 1978 studying a lake in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought it could be integrated.
I was very pleased with the sun and I was convinced that I was not there.
This is my first exhibition to the sun.
The score was surrounded by palm and as you can see, from a few mangroves.
There were the targets of about 20 inches -- the black barrier talentine.
And the fishing of this thylacine was very abundant and went through a good moment, so it was more than half the middle in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the number of fish had gone down to half.
They marched at five inches at five.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
It is, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was complicated in the introduction of the sign fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, I started in the 1960s -- Europe did a lot of development projects.
Fish development was able to impose countries that already had 100,000 fish, imposing industrial fishing.
And this boat, quite ugly, was called the Museum 4.
I went out to fishing on it, and we did studies in southern China Sea and especially in the Java Sea.
What we captured there was something inertigning.
We capture now, the bottom of the sea.
90 percent of what we captured were spirits, other animals that are at the bottom.
And most of the fish are tiny spots on the rest of them, remains that are coral reef fish.
In short, the sea bottom came to the cover and then it was thrown down.
These images are extraordinary because transition is very fast.
In one year, you do a study and then start the commercial fishing.
The bottom happens to be a solid correlation of soft coral, in this case, as a whole.
This is a dead turtles.
They didn't eat them. They were disconnected because they were dead.
Once we captured a living.
I was still not sentenced.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what fish pick up every time you go to an area where you've never fish.
But it's not documented.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We took the point of part, the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this, something like this.
And in the axis and we have good things -- biodiversity -- biodiversity, the green of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation is going to use the images that are received at the beginning of their conscious life as the normal and the extraction forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the rise of change.
And at the end of keeping a few remains from the rest of them.
And that, in large measures, we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that are no longer what they were.
But one should think that this problem affects people when predators kill animals without knowing what they've done to some generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that is very abundant before you get extinct -- it's very often.
You don't lose abundant animals.
You lose a little bit frequent animals.
Even if this is not perceived as a big loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a synonymous sea of big fish.
They become little bit of frequent because we fishing.
Over time there are few fish, but we think that's the point of part.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, question that it was very different.
And they will do it because the evidence presented in a way before it's not the way they expect to have the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of you present -- like I was able to take a lot of fish on this area can't be used or, usually don't use the science of the fish, because it's not scientific."
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in industrial societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
From there the huge role that can make a protected marine area.
Because with the protected marine areas, we really remember the past.
We remember the past that people can't conceive because the point of party has been running and it's extremely low.
That is for people who can see a protected marine area and they can benefit from the vision that provides them, which allows them to erase their point of part.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access to them, like people in the Middle East, for example?
I think that the arts and cinema may be able to fill the vacuum.
This is a simulation from the Bay Bay Bay.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in Chef Bay, 500 years ago.
And you have noticed that the math and the tons are like "January."
And if you think about "January: if you think about why people are moving with the movie -- no talk about the story of Portanness, why will they move with the images?
Because it makes something that, in a sense, it's lost.
So my recommendation -- the only one to give, is to Cameron, make "January I'd under the water.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Allian, the YouTube trend manager -- and I look at YouTube videos in a professional way.
It's true.
And so today we'll see why videos get viral and how important it is.
We all want to be stars, celebrities and singers -- when I was younger, that seemed very difficult.
But today the web is making any one of us, or our actions, copper notion in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can get famous on the Internet in a sandwich.
Over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And of those, only a little percentage is virtually virtually, it gets infinite from vision and winning cultural momentum.
How does that happen?
Three things: trends of trends and participation communities and surprise.
Well, let's start with.
Bell Vacan" -- oh, my God, my God.
Oh my God.
Wow.
Michael ... Guardian."
KA: Last year, beautiful Vermeer published this video film outside her house at the National Park of American.
In 2010, it was 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction.
Beautier didn't make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if you're called Monterey Moore Bell.
I had already published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kimmy.
Jimmy Kimberg published this thing that would take the video to the popular.
trend creators like Jimmy Kimmet present us new and interesting things and they break them into a wider audience.
Repeat Black:  It's Friday --   everyone wants to start the Friday weekend.   Everyone wants to get the weekend.   You see, you Friday --   Vermer, you see the Friday.  KA: You won't think that we could have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
"Well, "Been Black Reverse is one of the most popular videos in the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Just like "Arman erased double-defense, this video seemed to have come out of nothing.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask them for those other peaks -- they're also Friday, too.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday distance?
Well, I took it Toma, and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson, from Jesse Science Theater -- was one of the first people to make a joke on the video on Twitter.
But the important thing is that one person or a group of trends of trends adopted a point of view, and they share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this great internal joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 parades on YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each of the other days.
Unlike the universal entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way to be part of the phenomenon by sort of fundamentally displaying or doing something new with that.
"No Cat is a representative animation with a proper music.
That's the way, that's it.
This year you saw it about 50 million times.
And if you think that is rare, you know there's a three hours that have been seen four million times.
The cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity that I woke up between the typical Internet community.
There were reminders.
Somebody did a version to the old one.
And then it became international.
All of a sudden a whole community of reminder that made this happen from being a stupid joke to something that we all can form part.
Because today we don't just enjoy it, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted "Abraham" or Republic or "Don't Catterire" or "No Cat?"
What would the script have written that he would have been continuing this situation?
In a world where two days of video gets two days of video per minute, just that really unique and unexpected can get away from the way that these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who protected against circumstances in New York City, I admit that I don't care too much.
Casey Nigeria: I was driven by the biomimicry, but often there are obstacles that prevent you directly by the bicycle.
KA: Thank you to the surprise effect and your humor, Casey Nistin made five million people see and understand their idea.
So this approach is worth what we do in a creative way.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Beaum Vacan: What does this mean?
Oh Ohio.
KA: What does this mean?
trend creators -- creative communities of participation -- completely unexpected, are characteristics of a new kind of media -- a new culture, which we all have access to and is the audience that defines the popular.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justin Bible, started on YouTube.
They don't ask for permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little owners of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of old media, it's barely the current media, but define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that's still bringing.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece -- a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a playwright, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique hope of unity and freedom of his country.
Imagine as the communities go into Salar, they are facing the fact that their life had been totally in hand.
The words, for so much time, are now building it.
It was collected in silence.
He died by the story.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in vain and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to get them up, but we support it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat at the dawn of a bit of the standard to the sea.
My mother, Mark, was just 18 years old when his father died, and a concentrated marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had been given to a single task, the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was unemployed for her that I couldn't do it.
And after a four years that defies the fiction, a boat was sliding into the spirit sea spread of fishing block.
All the adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was pirates and rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother was wearing a ski with poison.
If we were captured, we first took my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant rate of the engine, the promise by diving in every wave and the vast and empty horizon.
I didn't remember the pirates that came in a number of times, but they were sticked with the men's worth of men in our boat, or the engine dying and not to run for six hours.
But I remember the lights of the oil platform in front of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, to end the trip was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given for the men in the platform.
No apple had the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee camp, we were pregnant in Melinda.
And the next piece of puzzle is about four women across three generations giving a new life together.
We set up in Polescat, a kind of working submarine whose population is composed of immigrants as well.
Unlike the middle class suburbs whose existence I described in Polesco, there was no sense of the right.
The smells that came from the shops were the rest of the world.
And the fragments of English were exchanged between the people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms and then on a car assembly line, working six days, double tour.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a title on IT of information.
We were poor.
All the dollars were assigned and established an extra tutoring in English and mathematics, no matter what you should take away, which was generally new clothes, it was always a second hand.
Two media pairs for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the topics, because it had to last six years.
And there were rare and painful women about the "Arable "Children and some graphic, Asians," come home.
At home, where is that?
Something in me is struggled.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said, "I'm going to support you."
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was shown every night, but we were told about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered penguins, all the boat.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmare would start to wake it out.
She opened a computer store, then studied to be a student and opened another business.
And the women came with their stories about men who couldn't make the transition and angry, and influences and children trapped between two worlds.
They were looking for subsidies and patterns.
And they created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, I was the classic Asian student, involved with what I knew about myself.
In the other one, I was locked in price lives, tragic life by violence, drug abuse and isolation.
But many of them got help over the years.
And for that work, when I studied my last year of lawyers, I was elected by the young Australian young year.
And I was catching a piece of the puzzle to the other, but their edges didn't fit up.
So Lean, anonymous anonymous from Pole, was now so recently, refugee and social activist invited to speak in sites that I had never heard of, and in houses whose existence she had never imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to go to the routine and the comfort of life in a sub-sized suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for almost 20 years, counting on the day of each and still sleeping asleep, three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom I couldn't do it.
I remembered that I was now the same age that she had when we got to the boat.
The no one's been a choice.
"Look at it, he said, "And you're not what you're not going."
So I talked about juvenile destruction and education and destiny and destroying them.
And the more frankly I talked about, the more I was forced to speak.
I met people from all walks in life, many of them doing what they love, living on the front of the possible.
And even though I ended up my license, I realized that I couldn't stay in a machine career.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a unknown, a newly arrived, new on the scene -- and not only it's okay, but it's something that will be grateful, maybe a bar of the boat.
Because being in it can easily mean collapsing the horizon, it can easily mean accepting the presence of your province to it.
I gave enough steps outside my comfort zone to know that, yes, that the world is demonstrated, but not the way we fear.
possibilities that were not allowed to be allowed tremendously.
There was an energy there, an influenced optimism -- a rare mixture of humility.
So I followed my intuition.
I put a small group of people for whom the motto cannot be done: I was a strong challenge.
For one year, we did not have a cents.
At the end of every day, I made a giant line of soup that we all share.
We worked on the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant ones, and we opened up.
I took the decision to move the United States.
After a single trip.
My heart again.
Three months later, I had moved to me, and the adventure continued to continue.
Before I finish, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time where the Confithing was the social norm and the local Mandarin was the person who cared about.
Life hadn't changed for centuries.
His father died shortly after she was born.
The mother was raised alone.
On the 17, he became a container of a Mandarin whose mother was hitting it.
No support of his husband, they caused a revolution to demand and take the cause herself and much more completely cause when they won.
It can't be done to be wrong.
He was in the shower in the room of a hotel in Sydney when she died, 1,000 miles, in Melinda.
I looked through the morning of the shower and I saw her standing on the other side.
I knew I had come to give up.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Poland and sat around his attack.
We told him stories, and we made sure we were still with her.
On the night a monk came and told us that he had to close the attack.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked the monk "Why is his hand hot, and the rest of the body so free?"
"Because you've taken your hand from the morning, he said.
"Don't have it."
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Because we were and how life formed us, we can now see that the men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat would have been easily.
Now I want to have my own children, and I ask myself about the boat.
Who could do that for it?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a little bit in your lives, being surprised in every wave, the constant rate of the engine, the vast horizon that doesn't guarantee nothing?
I don't know.
But if I could give it and look at it, I would do it.
Trees Newtonian and also the mother of that is today, in the fourth or fifth row.
My story begins in Raisen about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky -- Muslim Alice.
We were talking about how nothing has changed from the time of the ancient Indian epidemic "The Mahahawa."
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel to a car and we broke the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time, when Iraq, the great Indian warrior prince -- he had series, he got a bow and a arrow to the ground, he got water.
We now do the same with tables and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machinery had replaced the magic.
And that was a lot.
Every time I felt a little bit more technical.
I was terrified of this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a sunset if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't get to my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic to not kill it.
As a child, my grandfather gave me his pocket plate clock.
And this 50 year-old piece was for me the most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a world full of images, of pirate and nanotechnology in my imagination.
I had the feeling that mobile phones, luxury clocks and cameras prevent we save.
They make our inspiration.
So I threw out, I brought into this technology world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing it.
It illustrates books since the age of 16.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device able to connect the readers of the whole world.
You can know how we take the book.
We are.
It will bring the text together with the image, the animation and the sound and the touch.
North storytelling becomes more and more multimedia.
But what does that look for?
I'm about to launch Khoo, an interactive application for iPad.
He says, "I put your fingers on every light.
And so ...  He says, "This box belongs to ..." I write my name.
And so I become a character of the book.
In several times, I get a letter -- the iPad knows where I live thanks to GPS -- that comes straight to me.
My inner child is excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magician and drawings, but to that magic of childhood, to those ideas that we were suggesting of children.
For some reason, the fireflies in a jar were always astonished to me.
So over here, we have to tilt the iPad to release the fireflies.
And really, they light up your way in what it remains from the book.
Another idea that fascinated me as a girl was that a whole galaxy made on a ball.
So here, every book and every world becomes a ticket that I drag into this magic device inside the device.
And this opens a map.
In every book of fantasy there has always been maps, but they've been static maps.
This is a map that grows, further and guide you during the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book as well.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another incredibly important aspect for me is to create Indian content and at the contemporary time.
These are the ones here.
We've all heard of the histories and the neighbors, but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts -- would you take them up?
These poor people are going to be trapped in the cameras of India for millennia, in an old old book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child history.
In a story that deals with current issues like environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems of the last 10 years has been that children have been locked in, attached to their computers, have not gone out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our children to the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure in which you have to go out to the outside, taking the camera or iPad, and collecting images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections: sticks and stones, grades and stores.
For some reason, children don't do it.
So to reclaim this ritual of childhood, you have to go out and in a chapter take a picture to a flower and then label it.
In another chapter you've got to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
So this is created a digital collection of photos that can then put on the Web.
A kid from London puts a picture of a strand and says, "Oh, I saw a strand."
A child in India says, "I saw a monkey."
And you create this sort of social network around a collection of digital pictures that have been taking.
Within the scale of connection between magic and Earth and technology there are lots of possibilities.
In the next book, we are trying to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video turned and through augmented reality sees a group of animated dinosaurs that appear on the interior plants of the house.
At a moment, the screen is filled with leaves of leaves.
And you have to make the sound of the wind and replace them so you can read the rest of the book.
We go into a world where the forces of nature are intertwined with technology and magic and technology comes to each other.
We harness the energy of the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and to that magic and joy and child love that we felt through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why a lot of health projects fail.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is that we stopped listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at the University Rague was to make a director of listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she got a little cup of coffee or tea and asked patients, family and known people, what happens?
"How can we help it?
And we tend to think, this is one of the biggest problems that all of us, or maybe not all, but most of the health projects failed because we stop listening.
This is my screen Wikipedia. It's very simple.
It has a blade of hooked and off.
Every morning I put up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get to 95 Keth.
But it's so simple, every time I connect me, I send my information to Google Health.
And my doctor of accessing has access to him as well. So he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same time when it needs heart assistance or some emergency from that style but to see it backwards.
But there's another thing.
As some of you know, I have more than 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So, every morning I connect to my screen Wikipedia and before I go up to my car, people start talking to me: Luck, today I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people out of their chair and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week being available.
This little manual connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people might be, from their homes, take their blood pressure, send them to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, and they will recover control and be captain of their own boat, but it can also help us care of health care because of the challenges that we face, as the firing of the costs of medical attention, the doubling of demand and other issues.
To make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And they can do it with techniques like this, but also through crack.
And one of the things we did want to share with you with a video.
We all have nonviolent navigation controls in cars.
Maybe we even have them in our phones.
We know perfectly where the automatic boxes are in Mahattria.
Also where all the gasoline is.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the nearest Deseth to help this patient, right?
We asked but nobody did.
Nobody knew where to get the DNA saved lives right now.
What we did was we made crack in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the audience to be, you see, you see a DVD, please send it, documents where, and when it's open, because sometimes they open up in oranguti and others are closed.
And more than 10,000 dollars were already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the application for that.
And we did an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Lawron, augmented reality, to find these dollars.
And every time you're in the city of Mahambabiquita and someone collapsed, you can use your iPhone, and the next weeks you use your Microsoft cell cell to find the nearest Deseth, which can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to introduce this one, not just like DNA 13, which is the name of the product, but also as AIDS.
And we would want to start to start it globally.
We're taking all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find and work and act as a center for the Dr. Dr. Dreamming around the world.
Every time you're out of vacation and someone else, you can be a relative or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DNA.
You could be a message service or phone people, for example, to see if the Deseth is still in its place.
Please help me in this and not just improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is it the photography?
Because, of course, they are pictures that they can't take with their cameras.
My interest for photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years.
He mixed up with my previous passion for the drawing, but it was a little different because using the camera was in the planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera, the process ends when you press the pulse.
For me, photography was more than to be in the right place, at the right time.
It seemed to me that anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start by pressing the pull on the pulse.
photos like this: a building in a very transported road.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And despite that, keep a level of reality.
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful at the same time, but with the common goal of keeping the level of reality.
And when I say reality I say photographers.
Because, of course, it's not something that I can capture but I always want you to seem to have been captured in some way as a photograph.
Photos where you will have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It's more than to capture an idea than to capture a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them seem real.
Are the details or colors?
Are the light?
What do you create illusion?
Sometimes the illusion is perspective.
But at the end it's about how to interpret the world and how you can perceive in a two-dimensional surface.
It's not really about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of the reality where we take different parts of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality.
I'll show you a simple example.
Here are three perfectly imaginative objects, something we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in some way you can create something that still seems three-dimensional as if you exist.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So we deceive the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that it doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining the photographs.
It really consists of combining different realities.
And the things that make a picture seem realistic I think they're those in which we don't even think, the things that surround us in our daily life.
But by combining photographs is very important to consider it, because otherwise something will look bad.
So I would like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective.
Secondly, combined photos must have the same kind of light.
And these two images filled with these requirements, they were taken to the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to distinguish the beginning and end of different images with a perfect joint.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is.
This is another example.
You might think this is the image of a landscape and the bottom part is manipulated.
But this image is totally composed by photographs of different places.
The personal thing I think is easier to create a place that I find because you don't need to put in danger the ideas that you have in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter knew that I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces.
For example, the fish was captured on a fishing journey.
The costs are a different location.
The underwater part was captured in a stone store.
And yes, I even did red the top of the top of the island to seem more sound.
So to achieve a realistic result, I think it makes planning.
It always starts with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different pictures.
And here every piece is very well thinking.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures of the picture, the result can be very beautiful, and it's very realistic at the same time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start showing a slide on technology, very boring.
Please, if you can put it up.
It's a diagram that I took from a card mine.
I'm not so interested in showing you the details but the general way.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of Rickles microscopes, the power of local area networks.
What's interesting about this is that this one, like many other people that we tend to see, is a kind of straight line in logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude on the scale of performance.
Speaking of technology with sensory curves is something new.
So here something weird happens.
And that's exactly what I'm going to talk about.
Please turn out the lights.
It would need more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we plot technological curves on logarithmic scale?
The answer is that if you draw them in a normal curve in which we say, these are the years, or some of the time unit, and this would be any measure of the technology that I'd like to graph, the diagram would look ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say much.
But if a graphics, for example, some other technology, like transport, in a seminaral curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, it gives a qualitative change.
If the technology technology will move as fast as the microbes of microbes, we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it's not going to move to that rhythm.
There are no precedent in the history of the technology development of a remarkable growth that every few years advance orders of magnitude.
The question I want to play is -- looking at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
It will happen one of two things.
Or it's going to become a typical curve I know like this until something completely different, or maybe do something like this.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
It will now be in the middle of a transition.
In this line, we're in a transition of what used to be the world, to a new way.
So what I try to ask, and ask me, is that what is that new way that you adopt the world?
What new state is the world?
The transition seems very, very confusing if we're embedded in it.
I remember the future happened in the year 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future remains the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been chosen, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel something is happening.
We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything will be so different than extracting what we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it might be that transition that we experience.
But to do that will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have much to do with technology and I.T.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take distance and look at the long-term things.
The time scale that I'd like to do is time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we went back about two billion years when Earth was a great sterile rock with many chemicals that float around them.
If we look at the way those chemicals organize that we give us an idea of how things happen.
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that is that, at that time, I had floating out of oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes inside.
Some of those blobs of oil had a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside, and so the drops grew up.
They started to divide.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms -- those oil goals.
But those guys were not alive, in the current sense, because each one of them contained a random record of chemicals.
And every time they have been diagnosed by a distribution of the chemicals that they have.
So every single goal was a little different.
In fact, the drops that somehow differ to be better at the time of incorporating the current chemicals -- they grow more chemicals and they divide more.
They generally lived longer, they were more represented by them.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these drops learned the trick of abstraction.
In some way we don't understand these goals that are very well learned to store information.
They learned to keep information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they raised in this wildlife evolution, a writing system that allowed them to record what they were so that they could replicate it.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since it evolved two billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun. Now we can write things with this code.
Here I have 100 white dust moons that try to hide the security people of the airport.
But it has -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use on this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA fragments and amplified it 10 to 22 times.
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card I have many for all the present people, in fact, for every person in the world, and it's here.
If you were a bill that would have put it on a virus and have spread it through the room.
What was the next step?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy another billion years.
But then another big step in which things were getting very different, and it was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information forming the community of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
And so for example, for example, evolved resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin and they took them to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there's a lot of resistance to penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave place to form communities that, in a way, they were together in that, and they set up a synergy.
And so they survived or failed together, or whether a community was very successful all of the individuals of that community would replicate more and they were fascinated by evolution.
And the point of inflection happened when these communities got so close that in fact, they came together and decided to write all the recipe of the community together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage we have multicellular communities, communities of many different cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multi-produced community.
We have a lot of cells that are no longer acting alone.
The skin cell is not the heart of the heart, or the muscle of the muscles, or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
These started to abstract information.
And to build very special structures that didn't do more than processing information in community.
They're the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that these cell communities built.
In fact, they started to specialize within the community being the responsible structures of recording, understanding and transmit information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that time as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism, and not the evolutionary time period.
So an organism could, for example, to learn not to eat certain fruit, because he knew wrong and sick the last time he ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism given that they had built these information processing structures that would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years for the death of individuals who ate that fruit of the front.
So the fact that the nervous system built those information structures enormously accelerate the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen confined to an individual.
It could happen in the time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So, for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea a vague idea, in the head.
I'm sitting here by emitting a bunch of groups and hopefully building a similar idea, vagina and confusing, in your heads that make some analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated we turn it into sound, in sound sequences and produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start working as an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started doing abstract.
We now spend similar periods to the multicellular organisms, we abstract our record methods and presentation and information processing.
For example, language invention was a little step in that direction.
The phone, the computer tape, the video tape, CO2 -- and so on, it's the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that aggregate us in something much bigger and faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microscopes.
You saw the evolutionary example of you in which it produced some evolution with the Conversation program, to our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the scales of time again.
The first stages of the story that I told you took a billion years every one.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next one, the language etc., took less than a million years.
And the next one, like electronics, seems to be just a few decades.
The process is retrospected, I suppose that authoritarian is the right word to name something that speed its own pace of change.
The more it changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we see in this cave explosion.
We see the process remains.
But I make my life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms that I employ to design them would not be possible without recent computer advances.
But now I design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know it does every transistor in that connection machine.
There are billions of millions.
Instead, with the Masharishian Mandarins, we think of a level of abstraction -- we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that before you can't get much further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes it uses methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using lately is evolution itself.
We put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microscopes.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from an random sequence of instructions.
We say, "Please computer, can you run a hundred million sequences of instructions of random?
Could you be able to execute these sequences of instruments to random, to execute all those programs, and take those who are closer to what we want to do?"
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are closer to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random random sequences of instructions, they organize numbers, so none of them do it.
But one, luckily, I could play two numbers in the right order.
And I said, "Computer, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that you better did the task?
We get those and we remove the rest of them.
And now we reproduce the best of the numbers.
And we go back to them following a process of angiogenesis analog to sex.
We take two programs, which will be submitted to support, and that children will inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of product programs that had a little bit more success.
And we say, "Please repeat the process."
It was calling again.
It introduced some mutations in it.
It tries again and representative with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes, or in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that ordered numbers in absolutely perfect ways.
In fact, they are much more efficient programs that I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
They're dark programs, strange programs.
But they get the comet.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they get the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that they did.
In fact, their lives depend on doing it.
I once went on a 747 with Martin Minister and pulled a card and says, "Look at this.
He says, "This plane has hundreds of thousands of participants that work together to offer a safe flight, doesn't make you feel a strong for your forest?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they get complicated.
So we started depending on computers to do different design processes.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the normal engineering does.
However, we don't understand the choices that there are.
In that sense, it goes ahead of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster and so that we can execute these programs much faster.
It's remotely.
The thing is getting faster, and that's why I think it seems so confused.
Because all these technologies are removed.
We're slightly display.
And we are at a moment an analog moment to the single-celled organisms when they became multiple.
We are the advances and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think that all of us are part of the creation of whatever it comes from.
But now it comes the lunch and I think I'll stop here before I get rid of it.
I think we need to do something with a part of the medical culture that must change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've been exercising enough time to allow me to get part of my fake bias on that.
Before I treat the theme of my talk, let's talk a little bit about baseball.
Why not?
We're near the end, the World series.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's about the room "Stage "The Rules -- talk about statistics and use them to form a great baseball team.
I'm going to focus on one of them and I hope that many of you know it.
It's called the battery average.
And we talked about 300,000 of a battery that based 300 dollars.
That means that ball physically escapes, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game field without being trapped and anyone who tries to launch it to the first base -- not in time, and the second foundation will be saved.
Three attempts from 10.
Do you know how you call a 300 battery battery in the Great Lights?
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
Do you know how you call a 400-year-old baseball battery of 400?
By the way, that is somebody that from 10 balls, it turns four.
Legal -- like the Tiger William, the last player of the Great Big Picture of Birth to execute more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now let's take this to my medicine world where I feel much more comfortable or maybe less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose they have approaches and they are derived to a surgeon that has also a record of 400 in spirits.
That doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that they live in a remote place and a wanting to have two open-source arteries and their family doctor is derived by a cardiologist whose record in Afghanistan is 200 percent.
But you know what?
She's really improving this year.
Their assets have been 250.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you.
What do you think should be the average of a heart surgeon or a prosthetic surgeon or a nurture or a genetic obstacle?
1,000, very good.
And the truth of the issue is that no one in the medicine knows the aspects of a good surgeon, a doctor or a paradigm.
What we do, however, is send them to the world, and I get included, with the mandate, to be perfect.
And they never, even make a mistake and pretend to figure out how to do well.
That was the message that I absorbed when I was in medical school.
I was a competitive obsessional student.
Once a fellow in high school said that Brian Goldman studied up to a blood test.
So that.
I studied in my little destroy, in the General hospital nurses in Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned all of memory.
From my class of anatomy -- memory the origin and muscle work, the branching of every arteries coming out of the arm, the difference of the difference and the non-landfill.
And I even knew the difference about how to classify kidney training accessions.
And as much as it gets more and more knowledge.
And I was very good. I graduated with honor.
And they came from medical school with the impression that if I memorized everything, then I would know everything, or most possible, close to everything, because I would sign out of the mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met the Derek lady.
I was a resident in a university hospital here, in Toronto, when they brought to the Derek lady to the emergency service where I was working.
At the time I was assigned to the rating service.
And when I was able to go to a cardiologist to get a cardiologist to get to that patient.
It will inform the chief of residents and inform the boss.
When I saw Dr. December, I was spreading.
I heard a restaurant sound.
And when the suffering, I listened to a support sound on both sides and so I was telling me a collective heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of pumping blood forward, blood goes to lungs, these are full of blood, and that's why there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose it.
I did it and I started working on the treatment that I would give you.
I gave him aspiration and medication to alleviate pressure in his heart.
I gave him directors, water pills, so he could eliminate liquid limitations.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very good.
And there it was when I made the first mistake. I sent her home.
Actually, I ate two more mistakes.
He sent it to his house without talking to the chief of residents.
I didn't raise the phone and I didn't do what I should have done, which was to call my boss and put it with him to see it.
And if my boss would have seen it, it would have been able to provide complementary information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that required constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, that I could take care of my patients without even contact my boss.
The second mistake I ate was worse.
By sending it to his house, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my inner who said, "Gold, it's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, he was so insecure that he asked the nurse to take care of the Derek lady, "Do you think it's okay if you go home?
And the nurse thought and then said with total natural, "Yes, I think it's going to be right."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So it was that I signed the high and the ambulance together with the paradox they took it to their house.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, had a bad presence in the stomach.
But I went on with my job.
At the end of the day, I was packing to leave the hospital and walked into the parking parking room where my car was to go home. At that time I did something that I don't normally do normally don't do normally not.
It went through the emergency service service to home.
And there was another nurse, not the one who was taking care of the Dermiside lady before, but another one, and he told me three words, those three words that most emergency doctors were afraid of.
Other specialists are also afraid of them, but there is a particular in emergency and is that we see patients pretty much.
The three words are: Do you remember you?
"Do you remember the patient who sent your house?
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
"Well, she came back, with the same voice tone of voice.
She was fine.
But I went back and on the death.
By an hour of time to have come to his house, after I gave him the high, he suffered a collapse and his family called 9/11, the paradox brought it into emergency with a heroin pressure of 50 feet of Haiti, which means a severe shock.
You barely breathe and I was blue.
The emergency staff sets up all their resources.
They gave him medication to climb the blood pressure.
And they put an artificial breath.
I was contaminated and helped to the cord.
He had a mix of feelings because later that they would stabilize it was in intensive therapy and waiting against all hope that would recover.
And in the two or three days it was obvious that I would never wake up.
He had a grand brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they were resistant to what was going on.
And the ninth day, they let it go. The lady Dr. Depressent, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next week, I was punished by it, and I experienced for the first time the evil shame that exists in our medical culture and sat alone, isolated without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the peace and never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves an teaching.
The malignant shame I'm talking about is the one that makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was bad, but we're bad.
And that felt that.
And it wasn't for my boss -- he was a love.
I spoke to the family, and I'm sure that I would smooth things and make sure they wouldn't be depressed.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss why did I send her to his house?
And in my worst moments, why did I make a mistake so stop?"
Why did I choose medicine?
Shortly that feeling was discriming.
And I started feeling better.
And in a cloudy day, he opened up the sky, and he finally came out the sun, and he asked me if I would feel better again.
And I did a deal with myself in which if I cut out the efforts to be perfect to not make more errors, it would make these voices.
And it was.
I went back to work.
But it was going to happen.
Two years later, it was help in the emergency department in a community hospital in the north of Toronto, and I got a 25 year-old man with a pain on the throat page.
I was very busy and spread.
And he was sitting here.
I looked at her throat -- he was a little bit colored.
I emailed her penicillin and sent her home.
But as he got to the door he kept pointing her throat down.
Two days later, when I came to make my change change, my boss asked to speak with me in his office.
And I put the three words: Do you remember you?
Does it remember the patient he saw for a pain in the garage?
So he came back and he didn't have a static failure.
He had a potentially deadly definition called pillars.
You can look for it in Google. It's an infection, not from the throat, but from the top, it can cause the closing of those tracks.
He was fortunately, not failing.
The antibiotics are offered by the internal and they recover to the few days.
And they went through the same period of shame and reporting and then I got divided and went back to work, until it happened over and over again, and again.
Two times in the same turn of urgency, they don't diagnose applications.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because it went to 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home, and I don't think it's been a discovery.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
They order a X-ray of kidneys, but it was normal -- a colleague that was checking the patient perceived certain sensitivity on the lower right-hand room and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
And I got liquid to restrict and asked my colleague to check it.
You reviewed it and when you noticed a certain sensitivity on the lower right, I called the surgeon.
Both of them were operated and recovered well.
But every case I was scared, I was devastating.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a beauty.
The most meaningful ones have been for the last five years.
Just submitted and without support.
And here's the problem: if I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do I teach you this so that they don't make the same mistakes?
If I go into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard somebody talking about failure, after failure, after failure.
Of course, in a party you'll hear about the errors of other doctors, but you won't hear somebody talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues as well, that a trajectory in my hospital I added the wrong leg -- believe it would have difficulty looking at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system in which there are two positions -- the ones that make mistakes and the ones that no, the ones who can't sleep, and those who are -- the ones who have some promises and those who have great results.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, as antibodies that start attacking that person.
We have the idea that if we move from medicine to people who make mistakes, we will have a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years about distribution and medical journalism, I've done a personal study of bad medical prisons and medical errors to learn the possible, from the first article I wrote for the World Star to my program, White Cookie, Black Arthur: black art.
And what I learned is that mistakes are unique.
We work in a system where errors happen every day, where one in 10 prescription drugs in the hospital are wrong, or disability is not right. In a system in which institutional infections are increasingly and more numerous by producing chaos and death.
In this country, 24,000 Canadian doctors are dying for available medical mistakes.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000 thousand.
In both cases, it is surgery subscribers, because we're not getting the problem as we should.
And that's how things are.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, and we don't update ourselves.
sleep deprivation.
We can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow us to make a perfect history of a patient with pain on the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain on the chest. It comes crazy with flag eyes and with breath to alcohol and all of a sudden my story is about subsidies.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot -- I don't do things the same.
And my patients are not cars. They don't relate their symptoms in the same way.
So the errors are inevitable.
So if we take the system as they taught us, and we eliminate all the professional proposition to error, well, not to be anybody.
And with respect that people don't want to talk about their most serious case?
In my program, "While white art," black art, it's a cost to say, "This is my worst mistake: I would say to everybody, from the paradigms to the heart of heart surgery, "This is my worst mistake: blah blah blah blah -- "What are your mistakes?" And I would run the microphone into them.
And their students would stop, they would go down, they would go down the head and they would go out and they would start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
They want to be able to say, "Look, they don't make the same mistake."
They need a context where they can do it.
They need a reduction medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The reduction physician is human, you know, you accept it, and it doesn't get rid of your mistakes -- but it gets effort to learn from what happened to teach others.
I share their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It points out the mistakes of other people not with the intention of catching them, but a loving and supportive way for everyone to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings run the system, and when this happens, they make mistakes of time in time.
My name is Brian Geographic.
I'm a reduction doctor.
I'm a human, I make mistakes.
And I feel a lot of sorry, but I strive to learn something that can convey others.
I don't know what they think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words, I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take a day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
I recently did a survey of more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that said to pick a middle American, it's about 70 a day.
It didn't do a lot of research, in a research for a week to a group of companies.
The researchers recorded the different tasks taken by these executives and the time they used to make decisions related to those tasks.
They found that, on average, they take 130 jobs a week.
Naturally, every job includes a lot of ministers.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think of your choices.
Do you know how many people belong to nine minutes, and how many of the hours?
How does the way it handle those decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems in the current, choose to the amount of choices.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
While I'm talking about this I'm going to ask you a few questions, and I need to know their answers.
When I ask a question, as I'm blind, raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when I ask a question, if your answer is positive please give you a palm.
And now my first question: Are you ready to hear about the problem of option supply?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University -- I was faced with this very high level of level, very high at least at that time was very sophisticated.
His name was Dragger.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were like 250 different kinds of mustard and vitamin, more than 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of the straight water -- and this was when we were taking water from the flu.
I loved going to that grocery store, but I was wondering, why never bought nothing?
This is the shelf of the olive oil.
They had over 75 different classes, including the ones who were in the sealed box that came from military trees.
I once decided to visit the manager and asked him, "Is this strategy of offering all these options?
He pointed out to me the bus full of tourists that came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to do a little experiment with the ministers.
Passenger.
They had 120 different classes.
We installed a position to decode, just to the entrance of the store.
We put out of six different flavors or 24 different flavors and we looked at two things: First, what case people were willing to stop testing the members?
More people stopped when there were 24, 60 percent, that when there were only six, 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a merelic root.
Here we find the opposite effect.
From those who stopped when there were 24, only three percent came to buy metropolitan.
What they stopped when there were six, we saw that 30 percent bought metropolitan.
If we do the calculations, people have six times more likely to buy merely if they found six.
Well, to decide that we don't buy a member of it probably becomes a good thing to preserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of the overload choices affects us in very momentous decisions.
We decided not to decide, even though this doesn't make us.
Now the subject of the day, the financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with Guardle Hub, Emily Kaming and Week Jane, where we looked at decisions about saving savings for about a million Americans, from about 650 plans of this country.
We were interested to see if the number of funds of funds available in savings of savings -- the 401 program, described people to save for the future.
And we found that there was actually a correlation there.
We had 656 plans that went from two, to 59 different options.
We found that the bigger the number of funds were offered -- there was less participation.
So if we look at the extremes -- we see that in the plans that offer two funds, the rate of participation was 70 percent or more, not as high as they wanted to.
And in the plans that offer about 60 funds, the rate of participation.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more options, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those who decided to participate, the bigger the number of options, the more people were encouraged to avoid the action or the investment funds.
As soon as there were more options, they were more willing to invest in financial finding account.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we recommend to optimize the financial financial well-being.
In the previous decade we've seen three main negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they make the decision, they apply it even when this goes against the interest of the interest.
They're more likely to make the worst decisions -- in finance, and health.
They're more likely to pick things less satisfying things, even though they usually go better.
The main reason is that we market with looking at that giant variety of mass, mustard and vital and minimum, but we are not able to do the calculations to compare and contract and choose that amazing exhibition of it.
Today I want to propose to you four simple techniques that we've tried, in a way or another, in different research, so that they can test in their business.
The first is, Court.
You've heard before, but it's never been more than today, which less is more.
People always bother when I say, "Couch.
They care about losing space in the analogy.
But actually what we're seeing more and more is that if you decide to cut, you get rid of strange reductions, there will be an increase in the sales -- you will go down the costs, there will be a better experience in choice.
When Professor & Gamble went from 26 different types of Health & Shakespeares to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the Goldman Cat collected the products for deceptions of cats that were less sold -- they increased the users in 98 percent, for two causes, more sales and fewer costs.
Today you know that today's supermarkets are offering 45,000 products.
In a Wal-Mart store you offer about 100,000 products.
But the ninth largest land in the current world is Adam and offers only 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato sauce in tears.
In the world of financial savings -- I think one of the best examples that have emerged about how to handle the choices is David Laborad planner, the Harvard program.
All Harvard employees are automatically embedded to a safe insurance fund.
They really want to choose -- they are offered 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know that often people say, "I don't know how to cut down.
They're all important choices.
The first thing I do is ask the employees, "Tell me the differences that are among those options.
And if their employees can't differentiate -- they will not do it their customers."
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was chatting with Garee.
He told me that he would be willing to offer people in this audience a few vaccines with everything paid to the world's most beautiful road.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give a applause if you're ready to take the offer of Gare.
(Audience: Good. Anybody who's ready to accept the supply.
Aren't they?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who is ready for that journey?
I think I actually managed to hear more hands.
All right.
Actually, you had more information in the first round than in the second round, but I can go through and say that the second time was more real.
Because the images made it look more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the operation of options, which is Conservation.
For people to understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of every choice, and that the consequences have to feel very violent, very concrete, in a very concern.
Why are people spending 15 to 30 percent more on average when they use debit cards or credit cards than when it uses cash endeavor?
Because it doesn't look real money.
It turns out to make it more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Shadi Kenya and Alexandrian President, about individual INEI people who worked at INIIE, these people were in a meeting where they were being being being being being being being being being being being being being being being being being being being being being being being being being being being being being being being being being being being being being being being being being being being
At that meeting that we looked at exactly how we used it, we did a little addiction.
What we added was that we requested the staff to think about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this minimum there was an increase in the applications of 20 percent and an increase in the amount they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put on their savings accounts of four percent.
The third technique is Clashing.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study we did in a court of magazine.
We saw that in the Supertainistic supermarkets along the stream, the exhibition of magazines can contain from 33 different types to 664.
But, you know?
Because the rating tells me how to make them.
These are two jewelry exhibitions.
One is called "JahananaM: the other, "Slow."
If you think the one on the left is Sierra and the one on the right is Japanese, they give a palm.
(Audience: Well, there's a few.
If you think the one on the left is Japanese and the one on the right is Sierra, they give a palm.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Japanese and the one on the right is Siloway. But you know something?
This rating scheme is completely useless.
Cats have to indicate something that they choose not to.
You can often see this problem with those huge funds.
So what are you informing to who are informing?
My fourth category catching: Consideration complexity.
It turns out that we can handle much more information than what we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We have to increase the complexity gradually.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's look at a complicated decision, the buy of a car.
This is a German manufacturer of cars that allow us to customize it completely.
You have to make 60 decisions, to assemble the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that are offering each one.
colors, outer color of the car -- I have 56 possibilities.
Motor, box of change. four options.
What I'm going to do is to vary the order in which decisions appear.
So half the customers are going to go from many choices, 56 colors, a few boxes, four boxes.
The other half of customers are going to go from a few choices, four boxes, to 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to look at?
How involved you are.
If you reach the button for defects in every decision, this indicates that you're overwhelmed or you're losing it.
We find that those who are going from many options in a few years, they look at the button for defects over and over again, and another time.
We lose them.
If you go from a few options to many, continue there.
Same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was to alter the order in which information was presented.
If we start with the easy, you learn to choose it.
Although picking up the box of changes doesn't say anything about the preferences of inner decoration.
We are excited about a product that we're building that now has more embedded with the process.
To sum up.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the choice: cut, eliminating strange alternatives -- concern, making it real -- climate, we can manage more categories with less options.
All these techniques that I've presented to you were designed to help manage the alternatives -- or better, for you, to use them in their issues, or to the people who they serve.
I think that the key to getting the best of an election is being careful when they choose to choose it.
And the more careful we are in our choices better we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, the communist East Germany, if you had a writing machine had to register it to the government.
I had to record a piece of text text written with the machine.
And this is so that the government could track the origin of the text.
If you found a script with the wrong message you could trace the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't think that anybody could do this, so much that this would limit freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color printer from any big manufacturer and print a page, that page will end up having a few yellow dots printed on every page that makes a pattern of one and your printer.
That's happening today.
And nobody seems to be able to engage a lot for this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, the citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems on the network.
If we look at what happens in the online world, we can control the attacks according to their attacks.
There are three main groups.
You are the cyberscrimped.
Like Mr. Dimitra Gulf of the city of Kievent, in Ukraine.
The cyber cell is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cybercriminals to make a lot of money, and they are algorithms.
There are really many cases of military online, multiplies, who won money with their attacks.
This is Lady Tasmania, from Taries, Stanford.
This is Alfred Good.
This is Stephen Wall.
This is Brazil Sun.
These are Matthew Anderson -- Transit Albert and etc., etc.
These guys do their online fortunes online, but they do it by illegal media through banking trees to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in an infected computer.
The secret service in the United States, two months ago, connected the Swiss account of this gentleman Sam Jane, and this account was 14, millions of dollars when it was frozen.
Mr. Jane was all offered -- he got his face.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us to be victims of a circuit that of real crime.
And it's very obvious that this is going wrong.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacks in importance that we see today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that moves, they motivate the protests, they motivate them the opinions. They motivate laughter.
groups like Anonymous have been decoded over the last 12 months by taking a role in the lines online.
Those are the three main attendants: criminals that do it for money, hackers like Anonymous who do it to protect and the last group are the national states that attack the governments.
And then we see cases like Digital.
That's a good example of government attacks against their own citizens.
Digital is a certificate authority of the Netherlands, or actually it was.
It declared the last fall, because of a satellite.
They looked at the security of the site and perpetuated a civilization.
Last week, I asked, in a meeting with the Dutch government representatives -- I asked one of the leaders if they were putting the death of people because of the attack to Digital.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die from an attack of this?
Digital is a certified authority.
They sell certificate.
What are the certifications going to do?
Well, you need if you have a website with historians, encrypted services, services like Gaming.
Except that they will intercept an foreign anti-amplication authority.
And they emit accessible certificate.
And in the case of Digital Diagnostic, exactly that.
And what happened on the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt the protesters took off the headquarters of the Egyptian secret police in April 2011, and during the building of the building, they found a lot of papers.
Among those papers was this folder called EPL."
And within that folder there were notes from a company in Germany who had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept a great scale of the communication of the country's citizens.
They had sold this tool for 280,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The company headquarters are right here.
So the Western governments provide tools to the totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments are also doing this.
For example, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago, he found the Scotland trip, a tribe used by official government officials to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interviewed.
But it goes beyond today.
The Internet connection.
They will use even tools like the Scotland Tower to infect our computer with a tribe to allow them to see all of communication, and listen to online arguments, to get our data.
When we think carefully about things like this, the obvious answer should be "Well, it seems bad, but I actually don't affect it because I'm an honest citizen.
Why would you care?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play with privacy.
Privacy is not approached.
It's not a question of privacy against security.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right that we would resist today, will be forever.
Are we going to trust any future government, in an administration, that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that we have to worry about in the next 50 years.
This is where I live. I live in Kenya, in the south part of Narrator National Park.
These are the cows of my dad, at the bottom, and behind the cow, the National Park.
The National Park of Nairobi has no close to most of the South, which means that wild animals like the cells migrate freely outside the park.
And predators, like the lions -- follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of the ones they killed at night, and as soon as we got back in the morning, and we found it dead because it was the only trailer we had.
My community, the masses -- we think we come from the sky with our animals and all the land to get them, and that's why we value them so much.
So I grew up hate the lions.
The dying are warriors that protect our community and the livestock, and they're also upset with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of six lions who killed in Nairobi.
I think this is why there are so few in the National Park of Nairobi.
A child in my community, at age six, is responsible from the livestock of his father, and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions would give you fear.
But I realized that it was actually not served, because even helping the lions look at the store of far.
He didn't get me. He continued.
A second idea was to use a spring.
I was trying to trick the lions so they thought I was near the stage.
But the lions are very clever.  They came on the first day and saw the spring, and they left, but the second day, they went back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the stage with a torch and that day, the lions didn't come.
I discovered that lions are afraid of the light that moves around.
So I had an idea.
And I got an switch with which to learn and turn the lights.
And this is a little lamp of a broken line.
Arm.
As you can see, the solar panel load the battery and the battery increases electricity to the little Indian box -- I call it a transformation.
And the Indian box makes the lights fly.
As you can see, the light bulb goes outside, because that's where the lions come from.
And that's how you see it when you get at night.
The lights are distributed to the lions to think that I'm walking through the status, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never had trouble with the lions.
And the house houses heard the idea.
One of them is this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals and asked me if I could put the lights up.
I said yes.
You put it. You can see the bottom, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used by Kenya, to attack other predators like hydrogen, legislations, and also being used to spread elephants from farms.
Thanks to this invention, I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Brooklyn International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school is now helping to raise funds and consciousness.
I even took my friends to my community and installed lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So one year ago, it was just a child in the sand strings holding the cow from my father, and I used to see planes fly, and I was telling me that someday I would be inside one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in plane for the first time to TED.
My great dream is to get to be an engineer of aviation and pilot when it grows up.
I used to hate the lions, but now as my invention is saving my dad's cows and the lions, we can be with the lions without any conflict.
Ashoer. What in my language means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like yours.
So you get a scholarship Richard Turkish: Yeah.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next one in your list?
TR: My next invention is -- I want to make an electrical fence -- CA: One art close?
TR: I know you already invented the electric fences -- but I want to do mine.
CA: You tried it once, right? And you -- R: I've tried it before, but I stopped because I got a call.  CA: At the foot of the Canyon. Richard Turkey, you're a big thing.
We're going to get you on every step that you, friend mine.
Thank you very much. RH: Thank you very much.
When I was a little girl, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "I "Don't And And Anybody."
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying Kim Irish, but we never learned a lot about the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan is the enemies.
Though I sometimes asked myself about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my entire life in North Korea, until everything changed suddenly all over the world.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor and I was never hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter from my sister.
That said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop there in this world, because we haven't eaten in the last two weeks.
We are recorded together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak that we're prepared to die."
I was very high.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
When I was walking in front of the train station, I saw something terrible I can't erase from my memory.
A woman without life was dead on the street, holding a child climbing in his arms watching his mother's face without being able to do anything.
No one helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge hunter house North Korea in the middle of the 1990s.
In the end, more than a million Koreans died during famine and just a few surviving passed, insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more frequently controlled by energy cuts -- all around me I was completely in the night except for sea lights in China, barely crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light and we don't.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the American River, which is from limits between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very upset at certain points, allowing corporations to cross.
But many die.
Sometimes I see bodies floating on the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I came out of North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of famine I was sent to China to live with distant relatives.
But I just thought I would be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that it would take 14 years to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like as a normal refugee.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because the normal refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants in China.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be repeated to a horrible destiny.
One day, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by Chinese police and introduced me in the police station.
Somebody had accused me to be a normal, then they looked at my skills in the Chinese language, and they asked me a lot of questions.
He was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't look natural, it could be incarcerated and depressed.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answer the questions.
At the end of the interrogation. He said to another, "This was a fake report. She's not normal."
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some Americans in China are looking for asylum.
But many can be arrested by Chinese police and departmented.
These women were very lucky.
Although they had captured them, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These Koreans didn't have so much lucky.
Every year, normal Koreans are captured in China and depressed North Korea, where they're tortured or imprisoned or executed in public.
Even though I was lucky to scan, many other Koreans have not been so lucky.
It's tragic that the Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, the whole world can go up in an instant.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I've decided to scratch me from the South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
To be in South Korea was a much greater challenge than I expected to.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a great gap between North and South America.
We are all correlations, but in the inside, we have become very different because of 67 years of division.
They even went through an identity crisis.
Am I a suburban or a normal?
Where am I? Who I?
Suddenly, there was no country that I could call with pride.
Although embracing life in South Korea was not easy, I made a plan. I started studying for the university test.
Just when I started adapting to my new life, I got a so-called alarming call.
The North Korean authorities reported some money that sent my family, and as a punishment of my family, my family was going to be displaced to the force to a location left on the outside.
They had to flee.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
The Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So, ironically, I took a flight to China and I went into the border with North Korea.
Since my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to get them up, somehow, for over 3,000 miles across China and then through Southeast Asia.
The bus trip took a week, and we were almost trapped several times.
Once our bus was arrested and addressed by a Chinese police officer.
He asked the identification of everybody and started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese official came to my family, I was deliberately standing and said that they were software people who were continuing.
I looked at me surprisingly but fortunately believed me.
We did all the way to the Latin Lades.
But I had to spend almost all of my money to bribe border guards in Ladis.
But even after the border, my family was arrested and incarcerated to cross the front border.
After paying free and bribe, my family was released in a month.
But the time, my family was arrested and imprisoned again in Lawkster capital.
This was one of the lowest points in my life.
I did everything to release my family, and we were so close to it, but my family was retreated in prison to short distance from the South Korean embassy of South Korea.
I went and came between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to release my family.
But it didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or much.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man to ask, "What is the problem?"
I was so surprised that a stranger would care about asking him.
With my poor English and with a dictionary, I explained the situation, and without doubt -- the man went to the automatic box and gave me the rest of the money to my family and for another two neighborhoods and taking them out of prison.
I thank you with all my heart, and I asked him, "Why do I help you?"
"I'm not helping you, he said.
"I'm helping the normal village.
I realized that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The nice unknown symbolized a new hope for me and for the neighborhood when we needed it.
And I showed you that the kindness of the unknown and the support of the international community is really the hope of hope that the normal people need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But achieving their freedom is only half the battle.
Many Koreans are separated from their families and when they go to a new country, they start with little or no money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, the practice of English language, work practice and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people inside North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us are continuing to contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping change North Korea from within.
I have been very lucky, I've received a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help corporations be able to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more North around the world, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South Central City.
This is South Center: licensed stores, fast food, ballooning terrain.
So the city planners came together and thought, let's change the name of South Central to represent something else, so they changed it to the South Angeles as if this would fix what's actually wrong in the city.
This is the South Angeles --  stores, fast food, ballooning terrain.
Just like 26 million other Americans, I live in a food desert, the South Central Angeles, home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to take kill more people than food in the car.
People are dying from curious diseases in Los Angeles Center.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times higher than we say, Beverly Hills, which is about 15 miles away.
I'm tired of seeing this happen.
And I ask myself, how would you feel if you didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you get out of your house you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in your neighborhood?
I see chairs of wheels bought and sold as used cars.
I look at climbing centers like Starbucks.
And I think this should stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
I also love to drive 45 minutes from walking around to buy an apple that I don't have pesticides for me.
What I did was I planted a food forest in front of my house.
In a land farm we call a garden.
It's 45 feet three feet away.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what I get in win, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it."
This is how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Ground, we put together and started planting our food forest -- fruit trees, you know, the nine full vegetables.
What we do, we're a kind of group paid by the bars of all the processing, all over the city and completely volunteers, and everything we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then somebody complained it.
The city came up with me and in summary, they gave me a civil saying that I had to remove my garden, the computer became a court order.
And I said, "Come on, right?
A court order to plant food on a piece of land that no one matters?  So I was like, "Well, take it."
Because this time was not going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Loudle, and I talked to the concentration and one of Green Ground members who put a petition in China, with 900 signatures -- we were successful.
We had the victory in our hands.
My colleague even called to say that they were studied and they loved what we were doing.
I mean, why not?
L.A. is the U.S. city with more terrified terrain.
It has 68 miles of ballooning terrain.
That equals 20 Central Park.
That's enough space to plant 725 million tomato plants.
Why don't you think about that?
Growing a plant will give you a few thousand seeds.
When one dollar of gravitations will give you 75 dollars of results.
It's my human, when I tell people, culture your own food.
Growing your own food is like print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for South Center.
I grew up there. I raised my children there.
I refused to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manipulated to me for others, and I'm going to shake my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The garden is my graffiti. I cultivate my art.
Just like an artist of graffiti that is pulling walls, I get some strings, gardens.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas, and the plants and the trees, they're my understanding of that canvas.
You would be surprised to see what the Earth can do -- if you let it be your canvas.
You just can't imagine how amazing a stomach is and how it affects people.
What happened?
I'm a witness of how my garden became a tool of education, of transformation in my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of land.
We are the land.
They would be surprised to see how they affect kids.
The garden is the most therapeutic and provocative act that you can do, especially in an air.
Also, they get frontiers.
I remember an occasion, which came a mother and his daughter, were like the 1930s at night, and they were in my garden, and they looked very quickly.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame to see people who were so close to me with hungry, and this just reinforces why I do this, people ask me, "Well, don't you fear that people are going to steal your food?
I say, "For God no, I don't fear you're going to steal it."
That's in the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but at the same time, I want you to take your health."
There was another time that I put a garden in a refugee shelter in the center of Los Angeles.
They were these guys, which helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous. It shared their stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and their grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so it was just for a moment.
So Green Groups has come to plant maybe 20 garden.
We've had, like 50 people who come from, work and participate, all in voluntary plan.
If kids grow up, kids will eat colleague.
If you grow tomatoes -- you eat tomatoes --  But if none of this is taught you, if you don't teach them how food affects the mind and the body, they eat blind what they get in front of them.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they are stuck. I see color kids who are on this path designed for them, that don't take them nowhere.
With the gardening, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are growing out of their communities to have sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
You may be producing the next George Washington Cartol.
But if we don't change the composition of land, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my planets, this is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole bunch of gardens where people can share food in the same square.
I want to take content and turn them into healthy coffee.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about things free, because free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability, you have to sustain it.
What I'm talking about is to put people out of the way, take the kids out of the street, who know the joy, the pride and the honor of growing their own food, opening markets of farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sexy.
I want you all to become evolutionary renewables, test, the tears of the trained.
We have to change the script of what's a prostate.
If you're not a garden, you're not a prostate.
That the teachers take their hair right?
That is your weapon of choice.
In addition, if you want to meet me, well, if you want to see me, you don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some shit, to talk about doing some shit.
If you want to see me, come to the garden with your stick, so that we can plant something.
Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you.
 (Sound of miracle."  You probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of asphalt and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, where it rains a lot.
You can have a huge amount of water in the asphalt that you have.
And especially if you go on your bike and these cars pass on, that's not very nice.
Also, the asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we want a silent road.
The solution for that is to make correct care roads.
The choir post, a material that we use now in most of the roads of the Netherlands, has pore and the water can go through it, so all the rain water flowing down to the sides and they will have a road that it's easy to drive, and they will not be out of water anymore.
The noise will also disappear in these pores as well.
Because it's very hole, the whole noise will disappear, so it's a very quiet.
It also has depressing, of course, and the disadvantage of this road is that you can get rid of it.
What is the speech? You see, in this road, the stones on the surface are coming out.
First one stone, then many more and more and more, etc., and then -- well, I won't do that.  But they can hurt her paradise, and they won't be happy with that.
And finally, this can also take more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create bugs with that.
Ah, it's ready.
Bacterians, of course, can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can actually see how the damage is in this material.
It's a broken asphalt as I said, so it only has a little amount of adjust between stones.
Because of the internal, to the ultraviolet light, to the oxytocin, this adult, this bank, the glue between the landscapes, to encourage it, and if you get up, they will be microscopic and they will separate from the addicts.
So, if you drive down the road, you will take the addicts -- as you saw it here.
To solve this problem, we think of seat materials.
If we can make this material be appealed, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel landscape, that to clean sensors, and we can cut the steel wool into very small chunks, and we can mix those little bits with the baby.
So we have asphalt with little pieces of steel landscape in it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- a computer machine.
The industry can heat up, especially steel, is very good at that.
So what you have to do is heat the steel down, melt the bank, the bank will flow through these microbes and the stones will look back to the surface.
Today I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the big infrastructure machine here on the stage.
Microson oven is a similar system.
I put the sample, which I'm now going to take to see what happened.
This is the sample that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there, and then the government really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting. We have to try it."
So they gave us a piece of road, 400 meters from the Apple Highway authority, where we had to do a trial lanes to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the test on the road, and then of course, this road will last several years without any harm. That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples from this road, and we tested them in the lab.
We made the samples, we put a lot of charge on them, we repair them then with our infrastructure machine, and we repair them and we tested them.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we've done a material using steel fibers, including these fibers, using the energy of industry to actually increase the life of the surface of the road, they can even double the life of the surface -- it really will save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity of whether this also worked.
We still have the show here. It's pretty hot.
In fact, you have to cool first before you can show them how it acts to represent.
But I'm going to make a try.
Let's see. Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember having woke up a morning with the sound of the clock in my house.
My father was listening to BBC News in his little gray radio.
He had a great smile in his face that was unusual at those times, because the news usually depressed.
"The Taliban was all all off! I screamed my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see that my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a real school, and he said.
One morning I will never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban were left from Afghanistan and did illegal that girls went to school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a child to escort my older sister, which I couldn't be alone alone to go to a secret school.
It was the only way we could educate them.
Every day, we took a different route so nobody could support where we were.
We had to hide the books on market bags so that it seemed like we were shopping.
School was in a house, more than 100 of us applied in a small room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew that we risked our lives -- the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once in when the school was suddenly closed for a week, because the Taliban would support the Taliban.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Were they following us?
Did they know where we live?
We were attached, but still, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a treasure.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for her time.
A total conflict of a remote provider of Afghanistan, insisted in that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so her father replicated it.
But my foster mother became a teacher.
This is it.
It will retire two years ago, just to turn our home in school for girls and women from our neighborhood.
And my father, this is, was the first of his entire family to get education.
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban.
For him, there was a greater risk to not educate his children.
Over the years of the Taliban, I remember there were moments that I was very frustrated in our life, and I was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to reduce, but my father said, "My dad said, "My daughter, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money. You can force your house during a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, which is here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do it.
So you still want not to stick?"
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of the women in my age have more than the basketball, and if my family hadn't been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself here proud to graduate in Medican College.
When I came back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, who was removed from his home for the courage of educating his daughters, was one of the first ones to congratulate him.
He wasn't just killed from my college degree, but also that I was the first woman, and I am the first woman, who drove him by driving through the streets of Kabul streets.
My family believe in me.
I dream big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 1912, a global campaign to educate women.
That's what South Sohar, the first and perhaps only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country that is still risky for girls to go to school.
The exciting thing is I see students in my school with the strong desire to harness the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families who, like mine, advocate for them, despite and even in front of a depressing opposition.
Like Ahmed -- it's not your real name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter went from Sohar to his village, and literally they were scared to be killed by a bomb on the way, for minutes.
When you get to your house, you're the phone, a voice will warn you that if you keep sending your daughter to school, you will try again.
"Look at me, if you like, "But I will not harm the future of my daughter for her old and broken idea."
What I've been aware of Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of us wearing, there's a father who recognized the value of his daughter and she sees the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success.
In fact, often they are the first compelling interactions of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban -- the girls who went to school count in hundreds of -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, more than three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes.
I fear that these changes don't go too much, after the retirement of the U.S. troops.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I see students in my school and their parents who advocate for them, that encourage them, I see a promising future and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and powerful possibilities, and every day, SO2 girls remember it.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
Never I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the existence: daughter, resistance to Gardy. fight against him.
But you never get a Gamp statistic revolutionary.
They've spent almost two years since the released legal revolution was inspired by the spinal motivations as much of the Tunisian revolution as well as the Egyptian revolution.
A forces with a lot of other library citizens, inside and outside the country to call a face day and start a revolution against the Chinese regime of Gaya.
And we did it. It was a great revolution.
Young women and men were in the forefront stairs, demanding the fall of the regime, leaving freedom of freedom, dignity and social justice.
They've shown an example of the front of the brutal Delhi distribution.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the extreme East, to the West, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war and a few loss of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the landscape.
However, Gaddafi left a heavy load -- a legal landscape, corruption and attack seeds.
For four decades, Garman to Garden destroyed infrastructure, culture and moral structure of the light society.
Considerable of devastation and challenges, I've wanted, along with many other women, rebuild library civil society, demanding an inclusive transition and just to democracy and national reconciliation.
About 200 organizations were established in Benjamin during Benton, and immediately after the fall of Garmanian -- about 300 in Transians.
After a period of 33 years of exile -- I went back to Libya, and with a unique enthusiasm I started organizing workshops about the development of capabilities and leadership skills.
With an amazing group of women we founded the Library of Library Liberia by the Peace -- a movement of women, leaders -- very diverse orientation, to advocate for the political autonomy of women and for our right of essential participation in building democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the pre-industrial period, an environment that was getting more political, which moved from the selfish policy of domination and exclusion.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won 17 percent of the National Congress in the first 52 years.
However, a little bit, the education of elections and revolution as one was disappearing, every day we found news news.
One day we wake up with the news of the proportion of ancient mosques and Sufi tubes.
Another day I love with the news of the American ambassador and the control of the consumer.
Another day we wake up with the news of the army officers of the army.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of the military and their continued rape of human rights violation and their lack of respect of the law.
Our society, shaped by revolutionary mindset, is polled more, and it has gone away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
The intelligence, the exclusion and the selling became the icons of the revolution of the revolution.
I'm not here today to inspire you with our story of the success of the crime list, and the elections.
I am here today to trust that we as a nation, we choose bad, we make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace and stability and security to Liberia.
The cross list and the alternative between candidates and candidate bringing peace and national reconciliation.
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society still polluted and dominated with selfish policies of domination and exclusion.
Perhaps what was missing was not just women, but the female values of compassion and mercy and inclusive.
Our society needs national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than I needed the elections, which only reinforce polarization and division of it.
Our nation needs the quantitative representation of the female more than need the narrative and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as agents of outrage, and call a day of anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mistaker.
We have to develop a female discourse that not only honor but also put the mercy in practice instead of ventilation, collaboration instead of competition, inclusion rather than exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, distributed by war, needs desperately to achieve peace.
Because peace has an acronym that is about interaction and alternative between female perspectives and males.
That's the real crime.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it socially.
According to a verb of the Koran "Shake," peace -- "It's the word of the mistaken God, for compassionate -- compassionate."
At the same time, the word "Ray, which is known in all the article traditions -- it has the same root in Arabic that the word "Raisle: simulating the female and material, which covers all the humanity that men and women, where all the tribes and all the people have sent up.
And so just like the uterus completely covers the embryo, which grows inside, the divine matrix.
So this is how we say, "My mistaken is about all things."
So this is what it goes, my mistaken prevents about my sweether."
And that is all about the grace of mistaker.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an incompatible question, which has an equally unable answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the one that everybody is doing -- why is she left?
Why would anybody stay with a man who was painting?
I'm not a psychiatrist, and I'm not a social worker, no social worker, no domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old. I had just finished at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in the Severball magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green card American Explosion, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, that I created my twin soul -- I would stand up to the head with a gun shot, loaded with steam balls.
The man, which I loved more than anyone in this world, put a gun in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of "Logg-all loan: a psychological trap. I saved love, where every year millions of women, and even some men.
Until it could be your story.
I don't look like a typical survival of domestic violence.
I'm an English in English at Harvard University and I have an MBA in marketing of the White Business School.
I've spent most of my career working for companies of the list "Free 500, between these Johnson & Johnson, Leo Bring and The Washington Post.
I'm about 20 years married with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black worker, and I drive a mini Monday Operation.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all races, all the religions, all the levels of profitable and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a women's problem.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the molecules are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships and interdependent and long duration or saying otherwise in the families, the last place where we want or expect to find violence, which is why domestic abuse is so disconnected.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would stay with a man who was painting, and I was actually a very typical victim because of my age.
It was 22 years old, and in the United States, women between 16 and 24 years of age have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages, and more than 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by couples and boys and husbands in the United States.
I also had a typical victim because I knew nothing about domestic violence, your warning signals or your patterns.
I met Congo on a cold and rain night in January.
I was sitting on my side in New York subway and started to float with me.
He told me two things.
The first was that he had just been limited from a university of the Ivan Legos and working on a very important bank from Wall Street.
But the thing that struck me about the first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and it seemed like a kid of the field.
He had some big motors like apples and a wheat slide wheat and he seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that Contanool did, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner.
He did it about all the beginning to put on a penic.
We started to go out and love everything from me, which was list, who had gone to Harvard who was to have passion in helping teenage girls, and my work.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
I know I believed in me, as a writer, and as a woman, like nobody had ever done it.
And that's why the license in that prestigious school and the work in Wall Street and his bright future had so much important for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to sequence and make the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was to go from New York and leave my dreams, but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted my work and Congo and I went together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling on a local love loan: I was entering a head in a physical trap.
The next step in the domestic violence pattern is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it is.
And here is where they go into the scene those clues.
As soon as we moved to New England you already know, that place where I was supposed to feel that Container had to be so safe to buy three clues.
One had on the car straight.
Another one would keep it under the pillow in our bed and the third always in their pocket.
And he said that he needed those clues because of the trauma that lived from small.
I needed them to feel secure.
But those stories actually were a message for me, and although I had never raised my hand, my life was already in danger, every minute of every day.
The first physical attack of Contanoom happened five days before our wedding.
It was seven in the morning, and I still had the camera.
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother and married me with him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure we would live happily forever, because I loved him, and he also wanted me so much.
And I was very, very surrounded.
It had just felt very solved by the wedding and the fact to form a family with me.
It had been an isolated accident, and I would never even have damage anymore.
I spent twice as much in our honey moon.
The first time I was driving into a secret beach and lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I stole several times against the window of the car.
And then, a couple of days later, driving back from our full of honey -- it bounds through the traffic and threw a Big Mac cold on the face.
And I was still paying for one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is a domestic violence victim or access at some point in their life, and the Centers of Disease Control report that every year 15 million children are male, 15 million.
So actually, I had very good company.
I'll go back to my question: Why did I go?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
On the contrary, I was a very strong woman, fell in love with a profoundly attended man, and it was the only person in the world that could help Congress face their demonstrations.
The other question everybody does is, why does it just don't go away?
Why didn't I? I could have gone anywhere.
For me this is the saddest and painful question that people do, because we, the victims, we know something that normally you ignore, is incredibly dangerous to abandon a male.
Because the last phase in domestic violence is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the murder in cases of domestic violence happens after the victim has put on the end of the relationship, after they march, because then the audience has nothing to lose.
Other repertoins include permanent axis, even after the audience has become married, densities of financial resources, and manipulation of the criminal system of family to land the victim and their children, which are usually forced by judges to spend time not superior with the man who beat their mother.
And yet, we still keep asking why it simply doesn't go?
I was able to go, because of a last Japanese spirit that I sold my denial.
I realized that the man I loved so much, I would have killed it if I had allowed it.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody the world: the police, my neighbors, my friends and family, and I'm here today because all of you helped me.
We have the tendency to stereotype victims like specialist headlines, self-destructive women, damaged women.
The question, "Why is it still?"
For some people it's a way to say, "For selling the fault is your beauty to stay, as if the victims are going to choose to really fall in love with men who want to destroy them.
But since I published "Look love, I have heard hundreds of stories of men and women who also scanned, who learned an infinite lesson from what happened to them and their lives were insulin and happy and happy as employees, husbands and mothers, completely free of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out that I'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence.
I went married with a green and nice man and we have those three children.
I have that black book and also that minister.
What I'm not going to have to go back to have never ever had anymore, and it's a cheese shot pointing on my head in someone who says I want.
And at this point, you are thinking, "Hey, that's fascinating: or "Hall, what a story was, but all this time I actually have been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people, which you're listening to me right now, who are being quiet or that they were a little bit of abuse or that they were abstract themselves.
The crowd could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to end my local love local love breaking the silence.
I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse is only in silence.
They have the power to end up with domestic violence just throwing light on it.
Victorians need everybody.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They take the blanket to light talking about it with their children, their job partners, their friends and family.
They replicate their vision of survivors as fantastic and exciting people, which have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to intervene consciously to free their scale and show the victims a safe output.
Together, we can turn our beds, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful cases that should be.
Thank you.
Hello. My name is Cameron Russia, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be precise, for 10 years ago.
And I feel that right now, there's an uncomfortable tension in the room because I shouldn't have dressed this way.  Luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first laundry shift on a TED stage, so you have a lot of good enough to get it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when they started, they don't have to tell me now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what they think about me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These targets are very awkward, less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to pass this sweater through the head, because it's when you're going to laugh from me, so you don't do anything as I cover your head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much like this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but also supernova.
I've completely changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a girlfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable, and the photographer said to me that I would take the back and put the hair out of the kid.
Of course, with surgery or an artificial brief like the one that I made two days ago for work, there is very little things that we can do to transform our looks, which, even though superficial and immortality, has a big impact in our lives.
So today, to me, being brave means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice, white woman, and in my working sector, that's being a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do, but in the way.
The first question is, how is it going to be model?
And I always say, a catastrophe discovered me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made model is because I won the genetic lottery. And I'm the benefit of a heritage -- and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries, we have not only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which we are biologically programmed to admire -- we also associate it to a high and strong shape, to the feminist and a white skin.
And that's my heritage that I have known to take money to make money.
And I know that there are people in the audience who are now showing specific, and maybe there are some love of the fashion they say, wait. There are Namibia, Tora, Joan Samanians, light Wesnange.
First of all, the happy for knowing so much of models. It's amazing.
But sadly, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at New York University told each and every one of the models in the runway, and in the 175 models, only 27 -- I mean, less than four percent, they were not white.
The next question that people always ask me is: Could it be model when it's greater?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't know that.
But then, what I really would tell each of these girls is: Why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the invention of the next Internet, or a piece of control and power and poet, which would be awesome, because you would be the first one.
If after this spectacular list, it still insisted, no, no, Cameron, I want to be model, then I say, "I know my boss.
Because I'm not in charge of nothing, and you could be the reduction of the American Magazine magazine or the CEO of HIV, or the next Steven Messoe.
To say that most of you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you are larger.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a job you can choose.
I'm going to show you all that I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike the critical surgery, it can be summarized right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Unfortunately, once you've finished your studies, and you have a curriculum and a few jobs to your backs, no matter what you say, I mean, if you say you want to be president of the United States, but your curriculum said, models of inner clothes for 10 years, people would look at you.
The next question that people are always doing is if all the pictures are returned.
And yes, they are basically retreat all the pictures, but that's just a little bit of what happens.
This was the first picture they took me, and also the first time I used a bicycle, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal land, but it was a child.
And so it looks along with my grandmother a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am on a spinal party a few days before pictures for the French vote.
Here I am with my soccer team and in the journal V.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those photos.
They are creations of a group of professionals, and pedestrians, males, photographers and statistics, and all their homes and production people and policy, and they get to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always ask me is: Do you get things free for free?
I have too many tracks of 20 inches and I never use, except the previous stop, but the privilege that I get are the ones I get in real life, and we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and I once went to a shop and I forgot to bring money, and they gave me the free dress to me.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a strand strand, and he jumped a red traffic and of course, and he stopped us, and he just got it to be able to keep driving.
I enjoy these privilege for me, not for what I am. And there are people who are paying a price for their aspect without matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, from the 1400, of the 1400, the 140 teenagers who were being married and recorded, 86 percent were black and Latino and most of them were young men.
And there's only 177 young black and Latino young people in New York City, so it's not a question of me?
But how many times would you stop me? And what?
When I research for this talk, I learned that at 53 percent of the United States girls in the United States don't like their body, and that figure goes down to 75 percent at 17.
So the last question that people do is what is the life of a model?
And I think the answer you expect is, if you're a little bit more thin and you have the most brilliant hair, you feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like this.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible power to work with creative and exciting and passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just one part of what happens because what we never say in front of the cameras -- what I never said before them, is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about it every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, with some more thin legs and the most brilliant hair, will be happier.
They only have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the brightest hair and the clothes more to fashion -- but they're probably the most physically insecure women on the planet.
But mostly it was hard to analyze a situation of rational and gender oppression when I am one of the greatest benefits.
If there's something that comes back from this talk, I hope that everybody feels more comfortable by recognizing the power of the image in the perception that we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
Photography has been my passion since I was older enough to get a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 more priced pictures -- and I wasn't myself who I took them.
There were no artistic directors, no strangers, no opportunity to repeat the photos, not even a minimum care in lighting.
In fact, most of them took them out of random.
My story begins when, by finding myself in New York City to give a point, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday -- that's the 50 and the five.
I gave the chance that we went back to New York just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter, my wife told me, why don't you take Santa to New York on a shelter trip and continue the rich?
This is when we started asking the tourists that were going to take us out of the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete unknown is so universal.
No one has been denied and fortunately, no one has ever fled with the camera.
So we weren't aware of how much we would change the life this journey.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11 and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day so that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in a week of October and to make us reflect on our time and our evolution over the years, and not just the physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, even though we get the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter gets new stories, and I can see life through his eyes and how it feels and interact with everything.
That time in concrete that we spend together is something that we hope with illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the trips, we were walking around, when suddenly it stopped in dry and pointed out a red ball of the wrist store that was spread by small in previous visits before.
And I described what had felt like I was five years old in that same place.
I began to remember his heart to stand up with force to see that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I look in New York are universities, because it's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we created is memories.
So I want to share the idea of engaging actively in the conscious creation of memories.
I don't know about you, but besides these 15 pictures, I don't go out in many of the familiar photos.
I'm always the one who takes the picture.
I want to encourage you all to come up in the picture, and you don't doubt to come to someone and ask him, "Did you take a picture of it?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The buttons are in the most threatened bird group.
First of all, why are they so bad press?
It also has been associated with Disney laughter people like mental characters, stopped, stupid.
More recently, if you've been following the King President laughter and applause and accidents these are the attributes that you associate with the Kenyan parliament, but I don't accept it.
I don't accept it. You know why?
Because the members of the Parliament don't keep clean the environment --  Paris don't help prevent disease production.
They are hard to move.   They're far away from getting extinct.  And my favorite, the buses have better presence --   There are two kinds of bungles on this planet.
There are the bunks of the New World that are mostly found in the Americas, like the controllers and the carbon, and the Big World Bungs, where we have 16 species -- from these 16, 11 face a high risk of extinction.
So, why are the backs important? First of all, they provide vital ecological services -- Limamia.
They're our natural garbage collections.
They clean the cadavers up to the bone.
They help kill all the bacteria, they help absorb the structure that they wouldn't be for them to extend and cause great losses of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no bush, the carcasses take three to four times more time to decorate, and this has huge ramifications in the spread of disease.
The bungs also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated with the old Egyptian culture.
New York was the symbol of the protest and the maternity and, together with the copy, they would simulate the unit between the height and the Ben Beijing.
In Indian mythology, Jasa was the boy boy, and risked his life to save the donor data of 10 heads Ravia.
In the Tibetan culture, a few very important streams to open sky -- in places like Tibet. There's no place to bury the dead, or the wood to create them, so these buses provide a system of natural electricity.
What's the problem with the bungles?
We have eight species of baseball in Kenya, which six are in extreme threats of extinction.
The reason is that they're being poisoned -- and the reason they are being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and failure. Participatory communities use this poison against predators, and as a consequence, the bus are victims of this.
In southern Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of back are in the critical danger list, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years will be extinct, and the reason is because they fall out of the winning consumption that has been treated with an alarm drug like Dick.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India and has taken a position.
Since there are no bungles, there's been a spread in the number of street dogs in the carpet strands, and when you have street dogs, you have a huge amount of time for rabbit. The number of cases of Arabic has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind parks in Africa, 365 advantages are going to be above the Turkay lake.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds.
They're bird translators.
In Western Africa, there's a horrible business trade to serve the bright and the fatality market.
So what is it doing? Well, we're researching these birds. We're putting them transportation.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology and see where they go.
We can see that they travel for different countries, so focusing on a problem is not going to serve anything from anything.
We have to work with governments in regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the buttons, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that they produce.
How can they help? It can become active to make noise, make noise. They can write a letter to their government and tell them, we have to focus on these very understanding creatures -- to donate their time to spread the word.
When you get out of this room, you're going to report about the baseball, but talk to your families, with your children, with your neighbors on the baseball.
They are very electronic. Charles Darwin said that he changed from opinion because he saw them fly without effort, no energy spending in the sky.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do and everything I do professionally -- my life -- has been beaten for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1970 to 1977, but I am no longer about it.  I worked in Zambia, Kenya, Coast of ivory -- Aristotle and Somalia, in technical cooperation projects with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGOs, and every project that we set up in Africa failed.
And I was destroyed.
I thought at the age of 21, that the Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we take we announced it.
Our first project that inspired my first book, "Women's "Women's "World: It was a project where we were Italian, we decided to teach people from Zambia.
So we came up with Italian seeds south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that goes down to the Zoober River, and we teach the local tomatoes to grow Italian tomatoes and skinners.
Of course, people weren't at absolutely interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't help.  We were astonished that the local locals, in so cold, they hadn't had agriculture.
However, instead of asking you how it was possible that they didn't grow anything, we just said, "Thank God we are here."  "Oh "County at the time to save the people from the famine of the famine in the famine for the famine people.
And of course, everything in Africa is created beautiful.
We got these magnificent tomatoes in Italy, in Italy, to grow up to this size. In Zambia, this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the shamed sameness, "Look how easy the agriculture."
When the tomatoes were beautiful, markets and red, overnight to the morning, about 200 hydroporphicies appeared from the river and ate everything.  And we said to the shallows, "Oh my God, we had them."
And the shadows said, "Yeah, that's why we don't have agriculture here."  "Why don't they say that? You never asked.
I thought we were just in the Italians we made mistakes in Africa, but then I saw what the Americans did, what the English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the hydrophiles.
You should look at the waste --  You should see the waste that we gave them the people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, read "Jeopardy Dead from Dama Moore, economic economy.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donors, we've brought to the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the damage that the money has caused it.
Just read your book.
Call it part of an African woman, the damage we've done.
We are inferentially, collisional missions, and we treat people only in two ways, or we patent them, or we are paradigms.
The two words come from the Latin root root, which means "Parade."
However, they mean two different things.
Participant, I treat any of a different culture as if you were my kids. I want you a lot.
Parachute, I treat everyone in a different culture as if they were my signals.
So the white in Africa are called "World," heaven.
That book gave me a slap on the face -- "The little thing is beautiful," written by Schwarzs, who said about all of economic development, if people don't want to be helped -- the ones alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is breathing.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the ground and said, "Can we imagine a city that isn't neuroscience?
I decided at the age of 27 years old to respond to people, and I invented a system called Company Facebook where you have never started anything, but it becomes a service of local passion, the service of the local who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? It shut down.
It never gets to a community with an idea, and it sits with the people of the local.
We don't work from offices.
We met in a coffee coffee. We met in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give a sense of somebody.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what will you do?
The passion that she has for his own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that that man has for his own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help them find knowledge because nobody in the world can be successful alone.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: why not us, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why don't we once hear them? But not in community meetings.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
entrepreneurs never assist, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity they have identified.
So planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face-to-face -- you have to create social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the family of family, the business doctor, the business doctor, which is established with you in your house, at the table of your kitchen in the coffee, and that helps you find the resources to transform your passion into a way of making your life.
I started this as a test in Expensive, Western Australia.
I was doing a Ph.D. at the time, trying to get away from this hidden garbage that we came to tell you what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects, and the government came to me to say, "How can you do that?
How can you do it? And I said, "I did something very, very difficult.
I stood up and listened.  So the government says, "Do it again."  We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped to start 40,000 business.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs dying of loneliness.
Peter Drug, one of the greatest corporate consultants in history, passed at 96, a few years ago.
Peter Drug was a philosophy professor before involved in business, and this is what Peter December says, "Platform is actually incompatible with a society and an economy of innovative company."
Planning is the kiss of the death of the corporate spirit.
So now you have to rebuild Christian without knowing what the most scary people in Christian want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to go to conversation with you.
You have to offer them confidence, privacy, it has to be fantastic when you help them, and then they will happen, they will come mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion.
Which presentation have you gotten more this morning.
Loser-term local people. That's what you have applied.
So, what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial revolution -- founder fossil fossil forms, manufacturing -- and from one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
Francisco as a way of holding machinery is not sustainable.
What we need to consider is how we nuts, we cure, we translate, we transport to seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for the green revolution -- the universities forget?"
The government forget."
It will be the entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's an amazing story that I read in a future magazine many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in 1860.
And in 1980, this group of people gathered together, and they speculate about what would happen to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was an annoying, New York City would not exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they looked at the curve, and they pointed out, if the population is growing up to this rate, to train the population of New York around them, they would require six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to address.
They were already becoming paradigment.  So in 1860, they were giving up this dirty technology that would build New York lives.
So what happens? Over the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States in the United States, 100,000 car markets appeared -- 100.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very little, scared, factories in appropriate places.
Death, Michigan. Henry Ford Ferra.
However, there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer you conflict.
Otherwise you won't come to conversation with you.
Then you have to offer them a absolute, dedicated service, exciting service.
And finally, you will have to tell you the truth with regard to understanding.
The smallest company, the biggest company, has to be able to do three things: the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to count with a fantastic trade, and you have to count with a great financial administration of it.
You know what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that can do, selling and looking for money alone.
There is no exist.
This is still not born.
We've investigated and looked at the 100 icons of the Carnegie world, Western, Edison, Ford -- all new companies, Google, Yaha.
There's only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, just one: None of it was started by one person.
I never have the word "My word, but the word "Well, 32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody begins a company alone. No one.
So, we can create the community where we have factors, who come from an environment of small businesses sitting in copy, in bars along to their dedicated campuses who will do for you, what someone did for you, what someone did for this gentleman who talks about this epidemic, someone who will ask you, what do you need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Well, can you sell it? Can you look for the money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that. "Would you want me to look for anybody?
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those who surround us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't exchange a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like authors, plants and chalk.
These projects came out of questions like, how much do my neighbors pay for their approaches?
How can we pay and borrow more things without calling the door at a bad moment?
How do you share more memories from our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape better?
How do we share our hopes to the empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams?
I live in New Orleans, and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with giant robots that give shadows to lovers and horses and slaves for centuries and I trust a city.
 There is a defense in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the largest amount of American property properties.
I live near this house, and I thought how I could turn it into a more nice space for the neighborhood, and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was John, like a mother for me.
Their death was sudden and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this produced me a profound gratitude for living and living time.
I gave it clarity to the significant things of my current life.
But I want to keep this look at my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to let me catch the day and forget the really important thing for you.
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this house abandoned on a giant slate and painted on her phrases to complete -- before he died I want.
So the transistors could take a story, reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to wait from this experiment, but the next day the wall was filled and kept covering it.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
Before I die, I want to be a piece of piece of piece of piece --  Before I die, I want to sit on the horses on the fish change line.
Before I die, I want to sing for millions of people."
Before I die, I want to plant a tree.
Before I die, I want to live outside the Web.
Before I die, I want to hug you once again."
Before I die, I want to go to somebody's response."
Before I die, I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space became constructive and dreams and hope of people made me laugh in the cards, and they pulled me up, and they gave me a comfort in difficult moments.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new and school ways -- it's about giving the reflection and context, and to remember what is the most important thing for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues in the civic center, we did a kit and now they've been done in countries around the world, like Kazanans, South Australia, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together, we show the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of distribution in increase, it's more important than ever, finding the ways to conserve the perspective and remember that life is brief.
Death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even think, but I understood that preparing for death is one of those things that make us more power.
Think of the clarify death our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters as individuals and as a community and more media to share hope, fear and stories, people around us cannot only help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request today.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my sisters.
Reme is 22 years old, it's high and very watch.
It doesn't talk, but it brings better joy than some of the best speakers.
Reme knows what love is.
I share it incompletely what happens.
It's not an algebracy. It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
They don't care about religious differences and look at this: never lied.
When I sing songs from our childhood, trying to make words that I could not even be able to, I remember one thing: how little we know about mind and how wonderful it should be the unknown.
Samuel is 16 years old. It's very cool.
You have the most impossible memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
It doesn't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year that I came out every single song of my iPod -- conversations that we kept when I was four years old, I was painting in my arm during the first episode of the Telescopes and the London Gayla.
Doesn't it seem incredible?
But most people don't agree with it.
And in fact, because their minds don't fit to the concept of normal society, they're often ignored and understood.
But what I pushed to my heart and strength. My soul was that even if that was the case, even though they wouldn't consider them inside the ordinary -- that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary and autistic and extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar with the term Australian," it's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes physical skills.
In each individual it's devoted in a different way, from there that Reme is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the disorders of development that is faster in the world, there is no cause or known cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without it.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited about having a new self in my life.
When they spent a few months, I realized that he was different.
It was a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and in fact, it didn't look very interested in me at all.
I was living and recorded in his own world, with his own rules, and he found pleasure on the smallest things, like putting cars around the room, looking at the washing washing and eating anything that would be between media.
As it grew up, it became more different, and the differences became more evident.
But beyond the briefs, the frustration and the endless humanity, there was something really unique, a pure and innocent nature, a child who saw the world without prejudice -- a human being that had never lied.
extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some difficult moments in my family, moments in which I would have wanted them to be just like me.
But I look back to things that have taught me about individuality, communication and love, and I realize that they're things that I don't want to change for normal.
Normal is going through the beauty that gives us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some of them are wrong.
It only means that there's a different view of what's right.
If I could convey it one thing to Reme and Sam and you, it would be that they don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences we have. They're a donor." Every one of us has a gift inside their inner and, frankly, the pursuit of normal is the last sacrifice of potential.
The opportunity for greatness and progress and change dies at the time where we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit of what it must have been Alice in the World country.
Penn State asked me, a communications teacher, who gave a class of communication to engineering students.
I was scared.  scared of truth -- scared of these students with their big minds, their great books and the unknown words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice should have felt when he fell through the hole hole and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt when I had those conversations with the students, and I was surprised by the ideas they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a big communication.
We need desperately a great communication of our scientists and engineers to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones who are attacking our larger challenges, from energy to the environment and care of health care, among others, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as scientists to have these interactions.
But these big conversations cannot happen if our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please make it simple.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that your science is sexy and your engineering is attractive.
First question to answer you, and then what?
Tell us why science is relevant to us.
They don't just tell us that they study the treatments, but they study the trouble, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat the officers.
And when they're describing their science, they care with the jargon.
slang is an obstacle for our understanding of its ideas.
Sure, you can say "speaker and temporary: but why don't I say "speaker and time that is much more accessible to us?
Now making them accessible is not the same thing as making them talent.
On the contrary, as Einstein said, everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without buying the ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies -- are ways to record and engage with their content.
And by presenting his work, forget the signs of "ball."
You have wondered why they're called "boxes?"  What do the bullet do? The bullets kill and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it supports too much in the area of the language of our brain and overwhelming us.
Instead, this film of example from General Brown is much more effective. It shows that the special structure of the trouble is so strong that actually inspired the unique design of the Eiffel tower.
The trick here is to use a simple sentence, little person, that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit, and then provide graphs that are attached to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding of what is described to.
I think these are just some key ones that can help others open the door and see the country of wonders that are science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers, when they've solved this equation, for all the media, do it with simple.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words across the Oxford English dictionary is "Jeopardyman."
Just because it sounds very well.
And "slimism" means "deliberated political.
Although there was a 19th century personal editor that defined it a lot better when he said, "A synapse is the one who looks for a public charge without matter and platform or principle, and that when you win, you get it for the mere use of a remarkable vertical self-interest.
I have no idea what reports means.
Something about words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know that they have to try to dominate the language.
It wasn't until -- for example, 1771 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the camera paradigm.
And all of this was because of the value of a guy with the name of Brad Cross, who was faced with the Parliament of Parliament.
They put him on the London Tower and they commissioned him, but he had enough courage to face them, and at the end he had such a popular support in London they won.
And just a few years later, we had the first registered use of the phrase -- "That's blood sort of ball as metal."
Most people think it's literature.
It's not. It's because of a freedom of freedom of expression.
But to really show you how words and politics interact in, I want you to go back to the United States, just after the independence.
So they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This is debate in Congress for a long time.
All kinds of suggestions they could have fractured.
Some of you wanted to call it "West" from Washington of Washington, and others, "Your Atten George Washington: and other Defense French French French French Willingers.
Not very free.
Some just wanted to call it "Yes."
They thought it was about quality.
And not even with that was mountains, they had the idea that you could be elected King for a certain term.
And it could have served it.
Everybody gets tired immediately, because this debate is provided for three weeks.
I read the newspaper of a poor Senator and always wrote, still with this theme."
What caused the portrait and the fact was that the Department of Representatives was against the Senate, the Reporter camera.
The House of Representatives did not want Washington to embarrass power.
They didn't want to call it King for whether he was giving him or his super ideas.
So what they wanted to do is, they wanted to give it the most modest title -- more insignificant and more simply than it was happened.
And that title was "President."
President. They didn't invent the title. It was already before, but it only meant somebody who asks a meeting."
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much more fundamental than the term "Capital or supernova."
There were financial presidents of small colonial holes and government failures -- but it was really a technical title.
And so the Senate is opened.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call it President."
"This guy has to sign up and meet with foreign dignity."
"And who would take serious with a title as ridiculous and insignificant as President of America?"
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't choose.
We can learn three interesting things from all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite until where I have been able to find out, the Senate has never free the title of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky to follow there, waiting for the Senate to be in action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary --  -- you may be expecting 223 years more.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and with this, I want to leave you, is that the U.S. President title doesn't sound at all so modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads to determine, the largest economy in the world and a fleet of air vehicles not trafficking and so on.
Reality and history have given the terms of great.
So at the end of the end, they won the Senate, so they won the Senate, so they won the Senate, so they won the Senate, so they won the Senate, so they won the Senate, so they won the Senate, so they won the Senate, so they won the Senate, so they won the Senate, so they won the Senate, so they won the Senate, so they won the
They got their responsibility.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the appearance of silence, that was a uniqueness at the time.
But you know how many nations you have now press?
And all because they want to sound like the guy who has 5,000 nuclear heads and so on.
So, at the end of the Senate won and the House of Representatives lost, because no one is going to feel humble when they tell them that they are now the U.S. President.
And I think that's the great lesson that we can learn, and that I'd like to leave you with.
The politicians try to choose and use the words to shape and control reality, but actually the modern reality of modern reality is the words that they could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to meters under land in an illegal mine in Ghana.
The air is loaded with heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of sweat bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices who talk about, but above all, that carbon of male and stones with primitive tools.
Like others, I take a storm of tentilized light suggestion on the head with this ambiguous alternative, and I can barely distinguish the saddlers that hold the walls of that hole from a meter that drops hundreds of meters on the ground.
And my hand shrunk down, and I suddenly remember a mining that I met days before, who lost control and fell countless feet into that piece.
As I talk to you today, these men are deep in that hole risk their lives without paying and reward and often dying.
I came out of that hole and went home, but they might never do it, because they're pressure of slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor to be the only exporter in the Vancouver Peace Summit Company.
Among all the amazing people that I met there I met a trip of Freeky the Saddam, an NGO that was dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew that there was in the world, but not at such a grade.
When we finished talking to me, I felt very bad -- honestly I was embarrassed to ignore this capacity of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
I was made a little bit of my stomach and weeks later, flew to Los Angeles to meet the director of "Free the Seats and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had been in many of these places.
Some of them even considered them my second home.
But this time, with the dirty traffic.
A conservative calculation says there are currently over 27 million people who are slave in the world.
It's twice as much of Africans displaced during the whole deal of transnational slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of a farmer slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker.
The equivalent of about 50 dollars.
However, today you can enslave entire families by generations for general debt of $150 disease.
Amazingly, slavery generates profits of over 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false promise of good education and better work to then discover that they're forced to work without pay, under threat of violence and cannot escape.
Today, slavery operates in trade, the goods produced by slaves have value, but who produce them are disappointed.
So slavery exists in almost everybody and yet, it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met the bricks of bricks.
This strange, extraordinary show, was like entering the old Egypt or the hell of Daniel.
Imagine in a temperature of 54 C, men, women, children, all of the entire families wrapped up in a heavy pole of dust -- they stack up mechanical bricks in their heads, to 18 at the time, and they take them from the Indian furnaces to trucks that are hundreds of meters.
Decentralized by the monkey and the seat work in silence, doing this task again and again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There were no paintings to eat, not to drink, and the severe descendance was making it really intrinsically.
And so penicillization was the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot, and I stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to revive it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the oven, I wanted to cry, but the abortion that I was right next to me quickly grabbed and said, "Listen, don't do it. Don't do it."
And it explained to me very clearly that demonstrating emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me, but for them.
I couldn't offer you any direct aid.
I couldn't give you money, nothing.
I was not a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation than they were already gone.
I had to rely on Freeky the Saddam and work within the system for the liberation and trust that they would get it.
In my mind, I waited to get home to feel my heart destroyed.
In the Himalayas, I found kids running rocks for miles in miles to trucks mountains that were waiting down.
Those great plans were more heavy than the children who charge them and the children were holding them to their heads with homemade hands made of sticks and ropes and wounds.
It's hard to get something so amazing.
How can we influence something that insulines, but so uniquely being so uniquely."
Some of them don't even know that they're slaves -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without pay, because this has been like this whole life.
They have nothing to compare to.
When these villages were recording their freedom, the slaves.
By hearing the spiritual word, we often think of sexual traffic and because of this global consciousness, I was given that it would be difficult for me to work with security in this particular business.
In Katrina, I was accompanied by women who had been previously sexual slaves.
I was driven by some random stairs that gave this dirty basement of a fluorescent light.
It wasn't exactly a bright.
It was rather a restaurant.
Restorative, as you know in the office, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms -- private rooms where women are with their girls and children, some of the only seven years -- are forced to get to the customers and to encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each dot is dark, deceptive, identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a biomass and a curtain.
workers often suffer sexual abuse through their customers.
On the painting, I remember having sense of a heart acute fear and, in that moment, I could barely imagine what should be stuck in that hell.
He just had a straight one: the stairs where he came in.
There were no hind doors.
There were no very big enough windows like training.
Those people have no station, and because we have such a difficult issue, it's important to point out that slavery -- even sexual traffic happens around us.
There are hundreds of people slave in agriculture, in restaurants in the domestic service and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children are sold every year as sex slaves.
It happens everywhere, but we don't see it.
Telescopes are another activity that we often relate to the slave labor hand.
I visited Indian villages in which there were entire families slave in the silk trade.
This is a family portrait of family.
The black hands of black are the father, blue and red tissues of their children.
They mix tunes in these big barrels and dip the silk in the liquid to the elbow, but the ink is toxic.
My interpretation told me his stories.
"We don't have freedom," they said.
"We still hope, however, can come out of this house someday and go to another place where we really pay our job."
There is more than 4,000 children slave on Lake Valley, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fish family in a boat, two older brothers, some younger kids, makes sense not?
Wrong. They were all slaves.
The children are separated from their translated families, disappeared and forced to work on extensive drivers on these buttons on the lake -- despite not knowing swimming.
This child is eight years old.
When our boat was approached was shot, it feared that its little canoe was embarrassed.
He was paralyzed by the fear of falling into the water.
The branches of trees on the back of the trees are often catching networks and children, fascinating and fear of fear, they drop down to the water to unleash the branches.
Many are shown.
Since it remember, it's always been forced to work on the lake.
For fear to his love is not going to flee and like all life has been treated with crowd, it certainly deals with younger slaves under their command.
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning, when they raised the last networks, but they had been working from the one.
On the cold night and standing night.
And I can point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're full of fish.
I want to introduce you to Korov.
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village.
I met it in a shelter that "I Free the Sea restriction to scare victims.
Kofi simulates the possible.
Who will be because somebody decided to make the difference in their life?
Drawing by a road in Ghana with the partners of Freeky the Seats, a partner of absolute with his engine suddenly accelerated and supported our car and played the window.
He asked us to follow him for a path of land to the forest.
At the end of the road, he took us out of the car, and he asked the driver.
And then I pointed out this send barely visible and said, "This is the path, this is the way. Come on!
As we started down, we took the little distances that blocked the path and after walking around an hour, we found that the path was attached by the recent rains -- so I put the photo team on my head as we go down in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walk, the next path ended up deliberately in a clear of course, and we had a hole of holes that could fit in a football field, and they were all filled with slave workers.
Many women had children strapped to their backs, and while they were looking for gold, they walked into the water poison with a commodity.
Merchanding is used in the process of extraction.
These mines are slaves in one other part of Ghana.
When they came out of the pump, they were packed in their own sweat itself.
I remember looking at his eyes tired, irrigations, because many had been under land for 72 hours.
The pits are up to 90 feet and these people charge balls of stone that will then be transported to another area in which they will kill the stone so they can extract the gold.
First of all, the site seems to be full of strong men and vertical men, but if we look closer to the margin -- we see to work at others less fortunate and also children.
They're all victims of injury and disease and violence.
In fact, it is very likely that this muscle ends up like this victim of T.B. and the invention of member in a few years.
This is Manhattan. When he died his father his uncle took him to work with him in the mines.
When he died his uncle, Mamahael inherit the debt of the uncle what forced him to be slave in the mines.
When I met him, I was working on the mines 14 years and the injury of the leg you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so serious that doctors said it should be ambitious.
In addition to that, Manhatta has tuberculosis, and it's not too much about that, it's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Even so, he dream of being released and educated with help of local activists like Freek the Seats, and it's this kind of determination, from face to a remote possibility, which inspires me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we will give them a testament of them and we will do everything that we can to help change their lives.
I just think that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not reverse. They're people real people, like you and I, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There's no day that happens that I don't think of these beautiful people, malaria, that I've had the great honor to know.
I hope that these images will wake up a force in which you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force makes a fire and that fire brought light over the slavery because, without that light, slavery beasts can continue to live in shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do a math app and there's a peculiar problem for who do it -- we're like management drivers.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today, I'm going to try and explain to you what I do.
Dance is one of the most human activities.
They pat us the balls of the ballet and the climate dancers -- that we will see more ahead.
But the ball demands an extraordinary degree of training, a high level of dexterity and probably certain initial competence that can well have a genetic component to it.
Unfortunately, the neurological disorders like Parkinson's evil destroy gradually destroy this extraordinary ability, as I do with my friend Jane Starbuckridge who, in his time, was a virtual ball of ballet dance.
In the last few years it has become a lot of progress in treatment.
However, there are 6.6 million people in the world who are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable ability, temperatures, ridiculous and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in the objective and ultimately, the only way that we will know if there is really a cure to be when we have a objective and objective metric of it.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other movements of movement there are no biological markets, so they don't serve blood analysis and the best thing we have is a neurological exam of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that, out of clinical trials, they never do. It's never done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult journey to the clinic. What if patients could do the exam themselves.
It wouldn't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose to you as no conventional way to try to try to try it, you see, in a certain sense at least, we're all virtuous as my friend Jane Starbuck.
This is a video of the vibration of the vocal strings.
It shows someone healthy as it comes to speaking sounds when we speak. We can imagine as dancers of a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all these vocal organs to produce sound, and we all have the necessary genes -- the Foster, for example.
And like ballet requires an extraordinary training level.
Let's think about the time it takes a child to learn how to speak.
From sound, we can trace the position of vocal strings as they vibrate -- and as well as Parkinson's impacts the extremes, it also affects the vocal organs.
At the bottom you can see an example of serious temperature of the vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
I fear vocal and debate and right.
The speech becomes more quiet and separate after a while, and this is an example of the symptoms.
How do you compare these threatens based on the voice with specialized clinical trials -- well, both are invisible.
The neurological test is not invasive -- both use the existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
Both of them are precise. All right, but also the based tests are not specialized.
I mean, they can be autonomously.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds like a lot.
They're minimum cost, and we all know what happens.
And when something is so low, it appears to massive scale.
These are some amazing goals to deal with.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
You wouldn't have to go to the clinic for the routine check.
With high frequency monitoring we could get objective data.
We could do massive low-confident machine transition for clinical trials and for the first time, facilitator on general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first disease biomaterials before it's too late.
So by giving you the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Parliament of Parkinson's Volic.
Together to Accident and Pitts, we want to record lots of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these goals.
We have accessible local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
Anyone with or without Parkinson's -- it can call low price and leave recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So Max, taking all these samples of, say 10,000 people, you might say who is healthy and who doesn't?
What will you get from these samples to them?
Max Lithung" -- yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to indicate if you have or not the disease. Trade-off, of course.
MG: You see, some people may not pass it. You may not get it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and do it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for limit factors to look for real markers of disease.
TR: Do you have a 86 percent accuracy right now?
MG: A lot more than that.
Actually, my student Thailand, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job and now has shown that it works on the mobile phone network as well, which the project. We now have 99 percent accuracy now.
TR: Norway and nine. Well, it's a improvement.
MS: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much. Max Lithunt, audience.
MT: Thank you, Tom.
Before March of 2011, I was making pictures in New York City.
We're clear creatures, gray creatures.
We hide in the dark, in fourth without windows and usually we avoid sunlight.
We make the models even more thin delicates, the skin even more perfect skin we do the impossible -- possibly and creating us in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a real taste for images and photography.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
A little bit later, an organization where it was volunteers, there was Hans Volved, was in the place working as part of the answer team.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers we knew that we couldn't stay sitting at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13 traveled to Opera.
It's a little town of fishermen located in the Inframe preference of almost 50,000 people, one of the first villages affected by the wave.
The record water level reached over 24 feet tall, and over three miles inside.
As you can imagine, the village was devastated.
We take schools from channels and bars.
We clean out schools, we take the sludge and leave the lists to be stolen and remixing.
We take tons and tons of dead fish, specifically, post-conflict factory.
We were scared and loved ourselves.
For weeks, both volunteers like neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures of photos and cameras and cards and cards.
Everybody did the same thing.
They collect them and take them into different places of the villages around to keep them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered from.
As they fled from the wave, and to save their lives, they had to absolutely abandon everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I began to help in a village assessment center.
It helped clean up the communal bathrooms the enormous grandmothers, giant basis.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the center of economics picks the photos.
There they took them and I had the honor that that day would trust me to clean up the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring -- I had heard the expression to think beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I was training myself my horizons that something happened.
When I looked at the pictures, I found some of the people who were over a hundred years, some of them were still on the lab on the lab, and I could not avoid thinking about how to fix that trait and repair that trait and met hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night I walked in Facebook with some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive, that I knew we had to try.
So we started cutting the photos.
This was the first of all.
I was not too strange, but where the water had decoded the face of the girl had to fix it with a lot of precision and delicious.
In other ways, that little girl would not have the aspect of her, and that would be as tragic as having the picture of the photograph.
Over time, they came for a lot more photos, and they needed more returns like this is that I entered Facebook and Lincoln and five days later 80 people from 12 countries were offered to help.
In the course of two weeks I had 150 wishes to join up.
In Japan, in July, we mobilized Robitie, a neighboring village north of Amazon.
Once a week, we used our scanner in the temporary photographic libraries that had been installed, where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time they were trying to deliver them is a different story, depending on the description of the photos.
It could impact an hour. It could impact weeks.
It could impact months.
This lady had to draw practically by hand using the areas whose color and detail was not destroyed by the water.
I took a lot of time.
The water destroyed all these pictures plunged in salt water, bacteria, bacteria, with algae -- all of them together with the time of time continues to destroy them, so cleaning them through it was an important part of the project.
We couldn't take the picture unless it was clean, dry and had been recruited by his owner owner.
We were lucky with clean clean.
We count with the guide of a neighboring neighborhood.
It's very easy to harm even more of the pictures every day.
As Winster once said, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures had a lot of relationship to photos.
I had started cleaning it herself out, but it stopped to realize that it was even more.
I also had doubles.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not have been able to reconstruct the images in a single photo and get the whole picture.
When I picked up his photos I shared something from his story with us.
A few colleagues of their husband found the pictures in a fire station between the very far away from where their house used to be, but their colleagues recognized it.
On the day of the tsunami, his husband was the experimenter of closing the barriers into the wave.
It had to go inside the water as the signs sounded out.
Their small children, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different school.
One of them was trapped in the water.
He took him a week to find his whole family and know that they were all survive.
The day he handed her photos his youngest son was 14 years old.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do -- something that he could go back and look at something that he could remember from the past that had not been beaten by this day of March, when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined us to have half of them helped us clean up with more than 135,000 photographs -- the great majority of them came back through their owners -- important.
More than 500 volunteers around the world helped us go back to 90 families completely restricted and reported photos completely.
For this time, we don't really spend more than a thousand dollars in teams and materials, most of the printers for printer.
We take pictures constantly protected.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a relationship, somebody dear it.
They're our memories and the stories of our memories, the last thing we would take but the first thing we would go back again.
This was about the project, to restore small pieces of humanity, to return to someone their connection with the past.
When a picture like this gets back to somebody, it's a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a big difference in the life of returns.
Some of them connected them with something bigger -- to go to something, using their talent for something that are not a perfect skin delicate model.
To end up and read this email -- I sent it City the day I came back from Japan after six months.
As I went back, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in pictures.
One in particular, a picture with women of different ages from the grandmother to the small child, gathered around a baby, she moved to me, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, I and my daughter night, collapses of our wall.
In the entire world, all the time our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.  Allectorous.
Dick Edge inspired us awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that goes through an apple in an exhibition of just a million seconds.
But now, 50 years later, we can go to a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion, but a trillion frames per second.
I present to you a new kind of photograph, photography -- a new technique so fast that it can create videos in slow cameras of light in motion.
And with that we can create cameras that can see behind the rings, beyond the vision line, or see the inside of the body without using X-rays, and they really challenge the idea of camera.
If I take a laser score and put it up and put it up in a second or whether it is, in various sensors to create a picture of pictures of just a millimeter wide.
That picture of photons -- that bullet and travel to the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common bullet.
If we take that bullet and this package of photons and shoot in this bottle, how do you disperse those pictures inside this bottle.
What's the aspect of light in slow cameras.
Now, this whole thing.   Remember that all of this happens in less than a nanoten is what it takes to travel light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion.
Cockroach doesn't take this research.  You have a lot of things in this film, you will take this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our bullet comes into the bottle, with a picture of photons that start to go through it, and inside, it starts to disappear.
Part of the light was struggled, goes to the table, and we started seeing these selections.
Many of the photons finally get to the board, and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces inside the inside.
At that time, the waves travel on the table, and because of the reflection of the top, you see it in the bottom of the bottle, after several frames that the implications are concentrated.
Now, if we take a common and current bullet and make it go the same distance and see it in a slow camera back about 10 billion times, how much do you think would be sitting to see that film?
One day? A week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring movie --  from a slow ball in motion.
And how about trying to test nature death?
You can see the waves that go from the table, the tomato and the wall of the background.
It's like throwing a stone into a pond.
It's the way nature paint a picture, I thought, of a feminist at the same time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at one more time, you'll realize that, as the light goes out of the tomato -- it's still brilliant. It's not dealing.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the light bounce inside its interior, and it goes back after several trillion seconds.
In the future, when this female is in his mobile phone, they're going to be able to go to the supermarket and verify if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
Why do we create this camera at MIT?
As a photographer, you know, if we take a little bit of low exposure, it enters very little light.
But we're going to be a billion times faster than the shortest exposure, so I'll just enter some light.
We sent that balance, that photo package millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very tight situation, we took those gigabytes of data and we put them on the computer to create those females that I showed you.
We can take all of that data in crude and process them in an interesting way.
Superinthisty can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of a fun future would allow you to see after the rings?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door, shooting, go into the room, one part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light robots.
It's not science fiction. We've already built it.
On the left, it's our female.
Behind the wall there is a manipulation and we bounce the light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Communications.
And a small fraction of the photons will go back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different moments.
And as we have a camera that works like that, our female, it has unique capability.
It has very good temporary resolution, and you can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also the hidden objects, but we don't know what point it corresponds to what distance.
By projecting a laser you can record a picture in a brain, that you see on the screen, it doesn't really make any sense.
But we're going to take a lot of images like this, so dozens of images, we will put it together and try to analyze the multiple light robots -- and with that, can we see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D?
This is our reconstruction of it.
We have things to explore before we take this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collisions with what's going around the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by the open window.
Or we could build collecting able to see the inside of the body by staring out colors, and the same thing for the cocktails.
But of course, because of the tissue and the blood this is quite difficult, so actually this is a ask to the scientists so that they start thinking about female as a new power of visualization to solve the problems of the next generation.
So as Dr. Edge, he himself was a scientist, became art science, an art of pulled photographs thrown up.
I realized that all the gigabytes of data that we collect each time are not just for scientific visualizations, but we can.
Create a new form of computational photography with slow camera and color code.
And we look at those waves. Remember, time between each of those waves is just a few trillion seconds.
But here's something fun as well.
If we look at the waves underneath the board, these are getting away from us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out that as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects -- Einstein would have loved to see this image.
The order in which events occur in the world sometimes appear to be invested in the camera.
By applying the corresponding warping of space and time, we can correct this distribution.
It's already time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my mobile phone.
A cell can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
A mobile phone can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a mobile phone, you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a mobile phone, you can record a song and get it to Sony and make it famous.
This is all possible with a mobile phone.
I'm a boy in 1984 and living in Berlin City.
Let's go back to that moment, to this city.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people protest in search of a change.
This is 1989. This is the fall of 1989, imagine if all these people gathered that they were looking for a change, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
Who in the present have a mobile phone here?
Let's get them up.
Raise their mobile phones, let them get it."
Get them up. An Android, a Bluefin, wow!
It's a lot. Almost everyone today has a mobile phone.
But today I'm going to talk about me, from my mobile, and how to change my life.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 830 lines of information.
Brandy data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U. Commission presented a director.
The Data Reporter Act.
This director says that every European telephone company, every Internet provider across Europe, has to store a wide range of information from users.
Who calls who, who sends an email to who.
Who sends him a text who sends who a text.
And if we use mobile phone, where we are.
All of this information is stored for at least six months, and even two years, in its phone company or its Internet provider.
And all over Europe, people stood up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data retronic.
We want the self-replicating in the digital age, and we don't want the phone phone to store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests all said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about 10,000 people coming out to the streets of Berlin and said, "Freedom, not fear.
And some even said this would be the Two 2.0.
The State was the secret police of East Germany.
And I also asked if this works really works.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time I use the mobile phone?
So I asked my phone Defense, Deffer Telel, who then was the largest phone company in Germany, which would please send me all the information they had about me.
I asked them once, and I asked them to ask them, and I didn't get a concrete answer. It was all blah blah and white.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're protecting my life.
So I decided to start a court demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Delember Telescope said, no, we will not give you this information.
At the end, we signed an agreement.
I would take the demand, and they sent me the information that I asked.
Meanwhile, the German Conservation Foundation failed the intuitive for the German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly one on brown with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Triangle and five thousand of them are carrying information lines.
At first I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge file. Okay.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little sculpture," what should you do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to come out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what the data retrospects means.
So, next to Keith Online and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six-year-old visualization of my life.
You can zoom in and get away and go back and forward.
You can see every step I give you.
And you can see how I go from Frank in train to colony and how often I call it on the journey.
This is all possible with this information.
That gives a little scary.
But it's not just about me.
But all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they call each other.
And then you call the other, and the other one to the other, and we end up with this great network of communication.
You can see how their people communicate with each other to what time they call each other, which time they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who talks to who, who sends an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, until two years.
As I said to the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
And the Station would have known who involved in this protests, and if the State would have known who the leaders were, this never happened.
The fall of the Berlin Wall may never have happened.
And as a result, neither of the Earth Court.
Because today, state agencies and companies want to store as much information from us as possible inside and outside the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to store them forever.
But self-expression and living in the digital era is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for self-expression.
You have to fight that every day.
When you go home to tell your friends that privacy is a 21st-century value of the 21st century and it's not happened.
When you go home, tell your representatives that just because companies and state agencies can store certain information, you don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information you store from you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones to remember that you have to fight for self-expression in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hello TEDx, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDx, what happens?
I call Mathuland Zitaon and I'm not a mistake, but I know the doctor that brought me into the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, aspired to the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have brain paralysis, that's why I keep all the time.
Look at it.
It's a fantastic. I'm like a Shamidgrown mix of Shanghai.
and Mozart A.
P. C, it's not genetics.
It's not connected and can be contrary.
No one was shaking my mother's uterus, and I didn't control it because my parents were siblings, even though they are.
It only happens by accidents, like the one that happened to me.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration -- I don't want any of the present.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, they have been willing to be disabled.
Let's go from walk.
Christmas vastors, are in the mall center, drive in circles in search for parking and what do you see?
16 empty places for disabilities.
And they think, "God, can I be at least a little disconnected?"
Also, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and Dr. C. is just one of them.
There was a display of the oppression -- I would win the gold medal.
I'm a Palestinian Muslim, Muslim, women, disabled and living in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, you might be doing it.
I'm from Park Celipers, in New Jersey.
I always loved that my neighborhood and my disease had the same initiatives.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
Many people with brain paralysis don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the can't."
The mantra of my father was, "You can do it -- dance salar."
If my three older sisters.
If my three older sisters went to public school, my parents were giving to the school system, and they made sure that I was also going out, and if we didn't take all the maximum note all the way out of my mother's shoes.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five, putting my theories into their feet and just walking away.
Another tactics that I used was to hang a dollar in front of me so that I would chase it.
The strategy that I carried in was very strong.
Yeah. The first day in the kindergarten garden was walking like a bump champion.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city and they were all from the family.
Now there are 20 Arabs -- and they continue to be all of the family.  I think nobody realized that we weren't Islamic.
This was before 9/11 and that politicians would think about using "Minister to Muslims as a campaign.
The people I grew up with no problems with my faith.
However, it seemed to worry a lot that died of hunger during the radio.
I would tell you that I had enough fat to live three whole months without eating -- so I would get out of the dawn as it was very easy.
dancing in Broadway.
Yes, in Broadway. It's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with targets, or I can walk on toxic.
I am from New Jersey, and there we want to be a kid, so if my friends used toys, I was too.
And when my friends were going to pass summer vacation on the coast of Jerusalem, I didn't go.
I spent my summers in a war zone, because my parents are afraid that if we don't go back to Palestine every summer, we become Madagascar.
In summer vacation often my father was trying to sit, so I drink milk milk -- they put me on the back of my back, put me up in the Dead Sea, and I remember the water burned my eyes and I thought, "Wow, it works.
But the miracle cure was the yoga.
I should say it's very boring, but before I do yoga was a standard store that I couldn't stand up.
And I can now hold on the head.
My parents reported this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be at the General Hospital.
I went to college through positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the United States, University of the state of Arizona, because it was in all the stores.
It was like the motorchydr landscape of the theater department.
Everybody loved me.
I did all the tasks of the least intelligent, I took the maximum note in my classroom, and also in their classes.
Every time I was making a scene from the chest zoo my teachers cried.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the United States decided to make a work called Bali very slow in Jackson.
It's a piece of a girl with brain parasition.
I was a girl with brain parasites.
So I started screaming at the four winds, "The end will have a role.
I have brain parasitions."
At the end of the finger."
Thank God too many, I am free."
I didn't get the paper.  They gave it to Shery Brown.
I went to increase running to the director of the theater department, crying hypertext, as if someone had killed my cat, to ask him why, and she told me that because they thought I couldn't make the risk scenes.
And I said, "Excuse me, if I can't do the risk of risk, you can't make the character.
It was a role for which I literally had been born and gave it to an act without brain parasition.
university was mimicking my life.
Hollywood has a story of hearing actors without disability for disabled papers.
When I went home, I went home, and my first piece of activity was like a telephone on a television.
My dream became true.
And I knew it would be accurate to "do better local friend in a sandwich.
Instead, I stayed there as a garden, I didn't look more than the business, and it was obvious for me that the repair directors were not hiring free actors, not white, with disability.
They just hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching Whole Goldon, Ross Barack, Allen, and all these women had one thing in common: they were commercials.
So I became a humiliate.
In my first tour, I took New York famous comics from New York to New Jersey, and I would never forget the face of the first comics that I took when I was at the high speed of New Jersey with a driver that had brain paralysis.
I worked in clubs across the United States, and also in Arabic.
Some people say I'm the first management of the Arab world.
I never like to get the first place, but I know that they never heard that little unpleasant rumor that says women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother of another mother and father, Dean Obviologist, and I launched the Angeles comedy Festival in New York City, now in his 10, year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of Americans in media and at time to remind them to the repair directors that sweat and Arabic are not situation.
To integrate Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of the stigma of disability.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I went as an invitation to the news program for cable is about Keith Olymphia.
I was going to go into a graduate dance, and they dragged me to a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and said, "Excuse me, can you give me another chair?"
She looked at me and he said, "Five, four, three, two.
And we were live.
So I went to the desk desk to not get out of the screen during the second, and when I finished the interview, I was happy.
At the end I had my opportunity and divided it, I knew they wouldn't be invited again.
But not just Mr. Olymphia came back to invite, but I was like a full-time participant and I pasted my chair.
Something fun I learned in direct with Keith Olive was that people on the Internet are school.
The kids are said that children are cruel -- but they never get out of me or a little girl or bigger.
Suddenly, my Internet disability became a ball object.
I saw clips online with comments like, "Why seal?"
"Is it retrospective?"
And my favorite poor, "Poor book book.
What disease does it have?
We should really do for it."
A company suggested even that adding my disability to my current, given, commercial, paralysis.
Discovery is as visual as race.
If someone in wheelchair can't make Becketh, then Becket can't make someone in chairs.
The disability is the -- yeah, clap -- man. Come on.
The disability is the largest minority in the world, and the most supported in the world of entertainment.
Doctors said I wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, I've grown up with the media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would be less hate on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children.
My toaster trip has led me to very spectacular places.
I came to walking through the red carpet slide by the divide of the Susan Luci and the color Red Arbballics.
I came to act in a film with Adam Sandroom and to work with my point, the amazing Dave Matthes.
I record the world by growing "The Arabs of "The Arabic and they have become crazy."
I was delivered in the depiction of the great state of New Jersey at the CEO of 2008.
And I founded "The children of Massachua: a charity to give children the Palestinian refugee a name of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me live live, and I gave her this talk to his memory.
"So in peace, it was daddy."
I call Mathuland Zio, and if I can, you can too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child from a small town.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
He lives in a small town south of Somalia.
This village is near Mozart.
The droughts drives the little town to poverty and the edge of India.
No anything for him there, it goes to the great city, in this case, Mozart, the Saturday capital.
When it comes there, there are no opportunities, no work, no future perspective.
He ended up living in a city in the city outside of Mozart.
After maybe a summer year, nothing.
One day is about a gentleman who offers him to take it to show, after dinner, to destroy.
It knows a group of people, who gives him a discompany.
It gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home to his family.
They present a young lady.
It finally goes home.
A new life.
It has a life goal.
A beautiful day in Mozart, under a blue sky, a car showed.
That little boy from that little village with dreams of the great care was suicide terrorist, and that dynamic group of people were to Salar, a terrorist organization connected to the Qaeda.
So how do the story of a small town trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end with him immediately?
He was waiting.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start its future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing it came to him.
This was the first thing that I took out of what we call the waiting period.
And his story repeated in urban centers around the world.
It is the history of the spinners, young urban urban young people who are dying riots in Johnson, and they would trigger riots in London, which look for something beyond the waiting period."
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity, of work, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffer from the highest tax rates.
By 2030, three in five people living in cities will be under 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities, the story of the waiting of the wait, the door of access to terrorism, to violence, to the stores, being the history of the cities.
And in my hometown, Mozart, 70 percent of the young people are unemployed.
70 percent does not go to school.
They do nothing.
I went back to Mozart last month, and I went to visit the Maddier hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember being at the board of the hospital thinking, and if I had never gone?
What if I had seen forced to be in that same performance performance?
Would I have become a terrorist?
I'm not really sure about the answer.
The reason I was in Mozart that month was actually to hold a few juvenile leaders in a corporate comment.
I met about 90 other Somali juvenile leaders.
We sat down and we had a rain of ideas about the solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went to Mozart University, he graduated it.
There was no job, no opportunity.
I remember when he told me, that because he was a graduate college, unemployed, frustrated, was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited to be recorded.
They were looking for people like him.
But this story takes a different path.
In Mozart, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B is the streets.
Very few years of civil war have completely destroyed the visual system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to move.
Adam saw an opportunity and applied it.
It started a motorcycle company.
It started relating motorcycles to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with the help of their family and friends, and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of ants for the next three years.
Why is this story different?
What makes this story different?
I think its ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the corporate spirit, and I think the business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the waiting period."
It empowers young people to be the creators of economic opportunities that are looking for so desperately desperately.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings Moore's Mooren, a flower.
I was helping to train some of the young people in the summit of corporate initiative and how to create a culture of corporate initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Mozart has seen in over 22 years, and until recently, until Muhammad came in, if you wanted flowers for your wedding. You used to be sent from the foreign starting.
If you asked someone, "When did the last time you see friendly flowers see?
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be, Never.
So, Mohamed saw an opportunity.
I started a private paradigm and fluid design.
He created a farm on the outskirts of Mozart, and he started growing up the tribes and lights, which he said, could survive the hard climate of Mozart.
And it started the flower of flowers, creating gardens in houses, and the city companies -- and now it's working on the creation of the first public park in Mozart in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Mozart.
He wants to create a space where families -- young people, can go together, and, as he says, smell the proverbial routes.
By the way, he doesn't grow routes because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, Moore's presence had a really profound impact in young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for a NGOs, working for government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
He forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, that they could be artificial change.
By the end of the day, they already had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They created corporate solutions for local problems.
So, inspired young people and creating a corporate spirit culture is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas happen.
They need experience and guidance to guide them in the development and put on their business.
They connect young people with the resources that they need, they will be pressing the support they need to move from conception to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, corporate spirit is something more than starting a business.
It's to create a social impact.
Moore's not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace park, that's how it calls it, when it's created, transform the way people see their city.
They can hire kids from the street to help rent and maintain the motorcycle for him.
He gave them the opportunity to escape from the parallel "party paralyzed.
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact on their cities.
So my suggestion is: turn the young people in entrepreneurs -- including and feeding their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and Peace parks that we carrying and "failure of waiting."
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to camping with my dad on the Adams mountains, an area in the Armanistal state of the state of New York.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest was centing.
The sun would make the leaves glow as a virtual, and not to be the way that we went on, almost we could pretend that we were the first human beings to spread that land.
We got to our camp.
It was a college in a success with sight to a beautiful criminal lake when I discovered something horrible ...
Behind the coverage there was a submarine, from about four square feet with heart hearts board balls of aluminum paper balls, and old warming.
And I was advanced, I was very angry, incredibly confused.
The camps that were too lazy to pull out what they had brought in, who thought I was going to clean their shore?
That question followed with me, and it was just a little bit.
Who clean our shop?
No matter how they organize or where they put our one together, who clean our trash in Stanford?
Who clean our trash in Rio or in Paris, or in London.
Here in New York, the Department of Saturn climbed our trash -- in terms of 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What does it feel like to use the uniform and take that charge?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walked through their trajectories and interviewed people in offices and facilities across the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an interface.
I needed to get more.
So I started working as a trash collective.
I now didn't just travel in the trucks. I drove them.
And he operated the mechanical scans and bars the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
Everybody asks about smell.
It's there, but it's not as predatory as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong you get used quickly.
It costs a lot to use weight.
I met people who had worked on that for several years, and their bodies continued to adjust the weight of taking over their tons of garbage every week.
It's also the danger.
According to the Operation of Labor statistics, waste collection is one of the 10 most dangerous oceans in the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and entering the traffic all day, and you're going to get around you.
They just want to go by, so generally the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the worker.
And also the trash itself is full of dangers that often fall from the truck and cause terrible damage.
I also learned about the underground of the trash.
When you get out of the story, and you see a city from the back of the truck, you can understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
It never stops coming.
It's also like a form of breathing or circulation.
It should always be moving.
And there's also the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I firmly believe that waste collection is the most important workforce in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They're the first protection of public health.
If you don't get rid of the waste in efficient and effective ways every day, this starts to destroy their contents and their inherent dangers threaten us in very real ways.
Diseases that we had controlled for decades and centuries to go back and start giving us.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old, we don't have space for what the engines of the economy start to fail when they're in danger the consumption.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, just signal your relationship.
And then there is what I call our average average speed needs.
So I mean just the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time.
We usually don't care about it, and we don't repair and clean or take our coffee cup -- our bag of the stands, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them, we forget about them, because we know that there's a work force on the other side that will get rid of it.
So today I want to suggest to you a couple of ways of thinking about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce the stigma and put them into that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Her work, I think, is almost light.
They're on the street every day, radically.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when to wait.
And his work allows us to do our own.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us apart from ourselves, from our own waste, our descendants, and that flow should always stay in a way or another.
One day after September 11, 2001, I heard the group of a record collection truck on the street, I grabbed my little child and I pulled the stairs running down, and there was a man doing his journey of paper recycling as he did all the ministers.
And I tried to thank him to do his work that particular day, but I started crying.
And I looked at me and just assembled, and he said, "We're going to be fine.
Let's be right."
Shortly after that, I started researching the recording collection, and I went back to that man.
It's called Paul, we worked together a lot of times and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be fine.
But in our efforts to reconstruct the way we exist on this planet as a species we have to include and have in account all costs, even the very real human cost in the labor of work.
The municipal waste, what we think of when we talk about shore, represent three percent of the waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of your days and your lives, the next one that you see to someone whose job is to clean up the garbage of you, take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to tell you thank you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life being part of the environment where architecture is naturally born.
Today I brought two recent projects like this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the final work of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a shopping center of several floors in the capital of Ethiopia, Addis Abed.
This is the kind of construction that they showed us as an example, to my team and me, about what we had to design.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go out right?
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city we realize that there are three important aspects to reduce.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Secondly, you need to employ a lot of energy because the crystals are generating heat inside, so it is necessary for a lot of cooling confidence.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees during the year.
And third, its aspect has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a shame by making a place so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, it was really captured with the old market that is this free air structure where thousands of people go and buy things every day to small marketers in the air.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that's what I really wanted to design, not a shopping center.
But the question was how to build a building modern, of various floors, applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented by inspiring the site, which is located in an area of a lot of growth in the city, where most of the buildings that we now see in the image, there are no exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of feet.
So the first thing we did was we created a connection between these two streets, bringing up all the entries in the building.
And this extends with an uncomfortable atrium that creates a space to the free air in the building that is autonomously, by its own shape, the sun and the rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of the market with little businesses, which changes in every floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that would respond to local climate conditions.
And I started thinking about a tissue similar to a parachute career with perceptions to allow the air input and also from light, but in a filter way.
Then we inspired these beautiful buttons of the statistics of the Ethiopian stations.
They have properties of fractal geometry, and this helped me model the factory.
We're building that with these little professionals that are the windows that let the air pass and light in a controlled way inside the building.
This is completely with these little crystals of color that use light inside the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas it wasn't easy to convince the developers because they thought, "That's not a mall. It wasn't what we asked."
But ultimately, we all realized that this idea of the market was much more profitable than the commercial center because at the end of the trade there was more local to sell.
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic -- not only because of the material compared to glass, but also because it wasn't necessary to have air conditioning anymore.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we used to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy support for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day.
So we got a great advantage by putting pictures on the roof.
And then under those panels we think about the ceiling as a new public space with areas of gathering and bars that will create this urban oasis.
And these parasites in the roof, which then collect water for the sands of the inside.
It's expected for early year, because we're going through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in Tunisia.
And to make a project so big, the biggest one I ever designed, needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia but also their environment, their tradition and culture.
During that analysis I had special attention in the middle, a 1,000 year-old structure that was surrounded by a wall with a dozen access of access connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation that we did was we expanded the existing streets -- creating 12 initial blocks similar in size and characteristics that are in Barcelona and other cities from Europe with these courtyards there.
In addition to that, we select some strategic dots in relation to the idea of the direct doors with straight lines, and this makes the initial model.
And the last operation was to think of the cell, the little cell of the project, as a space part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the media climate?
And it's northern, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we overcome a scheme that makes sure that most apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that is almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with patterns, and then in the low plant we have all the connections for the pedestrians in the bottom.
And it also responds to local norms that establish greater density on higher levels and a lower density on the lower plant.
And it also reflects this idea of doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project that is almost like returning to the community space occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors can climb and socialize, and make activities such like running a two-digit race in the morning, or jumping from a building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives changes the communities and local economies to the same rate that buildings.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions, which improve the relationship between the community and the environment, and that they have as objective to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl entered our class. It was as remarkable as all the new girls.
He had large amounts of hair very bright and a little student of pencils -- climb. It was super strong for the states, very good for prototyping.
I ended that year, and I was full of cells, until I brought my symptoms plan.
So one day I stayed at a time after the school exit -- I was a little late and hid in the girls' bathroom.
When the coast was delivered, I went into the classroom, I took on the table of my teacher the book of calciums.
And then, I did.
I altered the ratings of my rivals, just a little bit, just a little bit.
All this way.  And I got back to the book to the box, but to see, some of my other colleagues had very good notes as well.
So in a front, it runs the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all of the lines from Darwin and myself a row from that, just for being there, because I could.
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came from.
I don't understand why I felt good about it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
It was all desperately obvious.
I never didn't discover me.
But most of all, I was struck by the reason that this little girl, so small, was so good for prototyping.
I was intrigued by the cells.
They're so mysterious and so pentagon.
We know that babies suffer from cells.
Also primate birds are very prone as well.
We know that cells are the number one cause of childhood killings in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that sends the loneliness, or the long duration or sadness.
So you have to go to fiction because novels are like the laboratory in which cells are studying in all their possible forms.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there was no church, I would have no literature.
Well, there would be no Heline the infinite, no operating.
There was no king child, no thousand and a night.
There would be no Shakespeare.
They would disappear the lists of reading high school, because we would be losing "The Russian and the Furby: There would be no "Gates and "Freedom -- we would lose "Make "Baby Botton and "And King K."
Without cells, there is no Protest. I know it's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything, and as soon as they have it all.
This year is getting 100 years from his master work, "In the look for the lost time, the most exhaustive study of sexual cells, and also from ordinary computer, my own, all we could have.  And thinking about Proust -- we have the synthetic details -- right?
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a humble magnetic in you of launch.
We forget how hard that picture is.
We forget how implemented it is.
I mean, it's books that Virginia Woody said were as hard as cat sort of strand.
I don't know what the cat street, but we assume it's surprise.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel and the cells and the Projects.
Is it going to be very obvious like the cells, who are reduced to the person, to their wish, to their impaired, are a basic national basis base."
I don't know. I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel chickens.
When we feel cells, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
It's going to be straight and audience, we know exactly what details to include the knife, right?
The cells make us all non-lethal novels, and that's something that projects understand.
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give birth to another, maybe right now."
And he starts telling himself that story, and since then, he Proust says that every single love that Swish senses in his lover and adds him to his collection of transplantation instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Rwanda and Proust were notoriously cells.
You know, Protocol nonsense would have to abandon the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so clear to recognize that it's a hard job. Right?
The cells are angry.
It's a hungry emotion. You have to feed it.
And how are the choles?
The cells are moved from information.
The cells use the details.
The cells like the vast amounts of bright hair and the cute and small student of pencils of pencil little pieces.
The cells are born from the photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful --  Project link well the language of the church with the cells.
When Swish is in his anger of cells, he suddenly hears behind the doors and bribed the services of his lover, so he advocates those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know you think this is representative, but it's not different to the interpretation of an old text or looking at a monument."
He says, "They're scientific research with real intellectual value.
Protocell is trying to prove that the cells are unbelievable and they make us seem absurd, but in their beautiful, they are seeking of knowledge, search for truth, a painful truth. In fact, to the process of Protect Congress, the more painful the truth is better.
The pain, the humility, the loss, these were the pathways to the wisdom of Protest.
He says, "A woman who we need, that makes us suffer in us a range of much deeper feelings and vital feelings than a wise man who can interested."
Is it telling us that we're going to look for cruel women creating?
No. I think it's trying to say that cells revealed us ourselves.
And is there any other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion revealed by our aging, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that's taught us to look at so peculiar intensition?
Freud would write about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very uncomfortable young man who was consumed with the idea that his woman would fix it.
And Freud says there was something weird about that man, which was not going to get his wife to do.
So she was innocent. Everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause.
But he looked for things that was doing his wife, without realizing -- involuntary behaviors.
Do you smile too much, or do you have a current deal with a man?
Freud says that man was becoming the quality of his wife's unconscious supply.
The novels are very good at this.
Novels describe very well how cells make us look at intensity but without precision.
In fact, the more intensely cells we are, the more we become residents of the fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the cells lead us to make violent or illegal act.
The cells drive us to behave in completely unimaginable ways.
Now I'm thinking about me at the age of eight, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story that I heard about the news.
An age of 18-year-old Michigan was captured to have created a fake account on Facebook from the one that was sent out of viral messages -- horrible in itself, for a year.
For a year. It's all a year.
She was trying to plug up the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend, and I have to trust that when or this, he reacted to administration.
Because, let's be realistic.
What enormous -- even though unfortunately, creativity. Right?
It's like novel.
Like a novel of Pitts of Patrick High.
Highs is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the author of "Triangles on a Transition and "The Tribal Mr. Reportinal, books that try about how the cells confuse our minds, and once we are in the sphere, in the realm of cells, the membrane that separates what it might be, can be punched in an instant.
Let's take Tom Ridy, his most famous character.
Tom Republic is going to love or want what you have to take away from your self and get away from what you ever had, and it's under the floor. You respond to your name, it takes your ring, empty your bank account.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take Tom Report.
I can't give you the whole world, as much as I want to do.
It's a pity, because we live in time of envy.
We live in cell times.
I mean, we're good citizens of social media, where is the advantage of the sunkingment? Right?
Do you show the sunsets? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what the characters always do when they're not sure, when they're in front of a mystery.
Let's go to 222 of Baker Street and ask for Shaheed Hollanes.
When people think of Hollywood, they think of the curse. I think of the Marker Marriage, that criminal genius.
But I always prefer the "Third Institute of Scottish Alan rat who needs Hollywood to be desperately defended, needs Hollywood genius to be mind.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
Restored needs its help, but the residential and blue bubble on each of the mysteries of the mystery.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in "The Six Bathmanks Agent, once Hollanese comes in, I will go to Eah with his solution, Restraction goes back to Hollanes and says, "We're not cells, Mr. Homosy.
We're proud of you."
And he says that there is no person in School Darwin who didn't want to hold her hand.
It's one of the times that we see Hollywood transported in history. It seems very emotional -- that scene is also mysterious -- right?
It seems to treat the cells as a geometry, no emotion.
You know, in a minute Holland is the opposite side of Lester.
The next minute are on the same side.
All of a sudden it allows you to admire that idea of being him the outcome.
Could it still be so simple?
What if the cells are really a geometry, just a question of where we are in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to get out of the excellence of the other.
We can align with it.
But I like the continent plans.
So as we wait for that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction to comfort them.
Only the deconstruction of the film is deliberately checklished.
The fiction alone is the doctors, they invite them to the table.
And look what I agree: the sweet Leonardo, the terrifying Tom Ridy, the crazy Schland, the Middle Prototype Mars.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Albert jumped out of the Muslim Apollo of Apollo 11, and he was descended on the Marine Sea.
Armstrong and Albert were alone, but their presence on the gray surface gray was the culmination of a collective collective process.
The Apollo program was the largest mobility in peace times in the U.S. history.
To get to the moon, NASA spends about 180 billion dollars of today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave up about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including the spirit of Apollo 1.
But before the Apollo program finally, 24 men traveled to the moon.
Doctor walked over their surface, which Albert after the Armstrong death last year, is now the oldest one.
So why were they?
They didn't have a lot of because of a lot of ancient rock, 38 kilos of old rock, and something 24, a new sense of the small and the fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviet -- that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at Rice University in 1962.
John F. Kenya: Some ask, why the Moon Middle?
Why turn it into our goal?
And you could also ask, why would you climb the highest mountain to scale.
Thirty-five years ago, why fly on the Atlantic.
Why do you play Rice against Texas?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Pong," for the controlled, the Apollo was not just a victory of the West on the Cold War.
At the time, the stronger emotion was the wonder of the power of the technology power.
They went because it was great to be able to do it.
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological tricks.
The first half of the 20th century produced the line of assembly and plane, penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the politicians eradicated and they eliminated smallpox.
Technology seemed to be able to do what Alvin Tholforach in 1970 called accelerated force."
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse or a ship with candle -- but in 1969, the Apollo 10 flew to 40,000 miles or hour.
Since 1970, no human being turned to the moon.
Nobody has traveled faster than the transplant of Apollo 10, and the optimism optimism on the power of technology has evolved to see that problems that we imagine that technology will solve as going to Mars, create a clean energy, curing cancer, or feeding the world population seem to be intrigued results.
I remember seeing the Apollo 17 application.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that I don't look at the clean escape tube from the rocket.
I knew that this would be the last monitor mission, but I was completely sure that I would come to see the colonies on Mars.
So that one of the things happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here, at TED.
It seems like the technologists have been distracted and enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhone, apps and social networks, or algorithms that speed up the automated selling sales.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They've expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the great problems of humanity.
What happened?
There's a paradigm explanation in Silicon Valley, who trust that they have created less ambitious companies than those of the years that they were funded in Intel and Microsoft, Apple and General.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the guilty, in concrete, the incentives that risk capitalists offer entrepreneurs to business.
Silicon Valley says that the risk of risk caused the creation of transformative ideas by funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what's wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when the risk capitalists were at their local point without worrying about risk, they preferred small investments of them that they could go out in 10 years.
The CEOs have always had problems to invest with technology in technologies as energy, which need a huge capital and the development of the long term. They have never invested in the development of technology meant to solve big problems because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons why we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes we chose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
NASA even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular, and that would never happen.
We won't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar and wind and biological -- less than two percent, and the reason is completely cheap.
Carbon and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than biodiversity.
We want alternative sources that can compete in price. They don't exist.
Now, technologists, entrepreneurs and economists agree about what politicians and international treaties are going to increase the development of an alternative energy, more than a significant increase in research and developing energy, and some kind of control of the coal price.
But there is no hope in the current political climate that we will see a U.S. energy policy or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes the big problems that look like technology, it turns out not to be.
We know for a time that famine is result of failure in the food repair department.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect catastrophic food distribution.
Technology can improve things like the corrections or the systems for the storage and repair of food, but there will be famine.
Finally, big problems sometimes add a solution because we don't understand the problem.
President Nixon will determine the war to cancer in 1971, but soon we find out that there are many kinds of cancer, some terrible resistance to treatment, and only over the last 10 years seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
Hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we can't solve the problems with technology.
We can and we should, but these four elements have to be present: political leaders and population need to want to solve the problem, institutions should support the solution, has to really treat a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems, with those critics.
But it's a insurance model in the future.
We're not 1961.
There is no magic competition like the Cold War, there is no policy like John Kennedy who honored the difficult and dangerous thing, and there is no popular science metaphor like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
It was just three days.
And really, I wasn't even solving any problem.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we're not missing the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start by reminding you the widespread ideas that are about trust.
They're so common that they've become lessons of our society.
I think it's three.
The first one is a recycled: there's been a huge decline of trust, it's a very pervasive belief.
The second is an object: we should have more trust.
And the third is a task: we should recover trust.
I think the recording, the goal and the task has been interconnected.
What I'm going to try and tell you today is a different story about a recycle, an objective and a task, that I think gives a more clear idea about the subject.
First of the record, why do people think that trust has distant?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I was uncomfortable to think that it could have declined in some activities or institutions and that could have increased in others.
I don't have it clear.
But I can go to the opinion polls and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at the opinion polls over time, there are no evidence of it.
I mean, the people who described about 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, still inspired the same disability.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago remain pretty confident, judge, nurses.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen of the street is almost exactly halfway halfway at the way.
But is this evidence enough?
What the opinion polls are recording are, of course, opinions.
What else can you record?
What you see is the generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask them certain questions.
Do you trust the politicians -- trust the teachers?
Now, if someone would ask you, "Do you meet the vegetables?
Did you trust the fishing?
Did you trust the primate teachers?
You're probably going to start to ask, "What do you do for?"
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you might say, when you've answered your question, "Well, I trust some, but in other not."
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to deposit trust in a difference.
We don't assume that the level of trust that we're going to feel for a certain type of official or function or kind of person, it's going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, to say that I rely on a certain primary teacher I know to give the kind of reading.
After all, I could know that it was not a good driver.
I could trust my friend more local to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our daily lives in the way that trust is different, why do we leave all that knowledge when we think about trust in a more abstract way?
I think that survey is very bad tools to measure real trust levels, because they try to obvious the good judgment to the fact of trusting something or somebody.
Secondly, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I will get.
I would argue to have more confidence on what it is to be confident, but not what it is.
Ultimately, I'm a part of not trust what is not reliable.
And I think those people who were playing their savings with the very side of Mr. Madow, who then disappeared with them, I think of them, and I think, well, yes, they were too confident.
Having more confidence is not a smart goal in this life.
Confidence or denied with intelligence, that's the right target.
Once you say it, it says, yes, it's worth that what matters first is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What is about making a judgment about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think that in order to do a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competitive? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if we find that one person is consistent in permanent materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if, in contrast, they're not responsible for the contrast, we could not trust them.
I have friends who are competitive and honest, but I don't trust them to take a letter to the mail because they're flying.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm very happy to say that I think I don't have many friends who are competitive and responsible but extremely discovered.
If it looks like that, I haven't been perceived yet.
But that's what we're looking for, trustworthiness.
The trust is the answer.
The trustworthiness.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we've tried to build accountability systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so on, that they made us easier the task to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a part and said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to do the administrative paper than to attend the party itself.
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, and institutional life, that the accountability system that is destined to guarantee trustworthiness. And the trust evidence is actually doing the opposite.
What they do is they make the work of the people who have to do hard tasks, like the parts of them, to show them that "Mark the chairs," as we say.
I sure you all know similar examples.
All of that, for the target.
I think the goal should be more confidence, and that things would be different if we tried to be worthy of trust, and we would bring people to the people that we are reliable and if we try to determine whether other people, officials or politicians are trustworthy.
It's not easy. It's the trial, the simple actions, the attitudes -- which is not right.
Third, the task.
It's going to call the task to rebuild trust, puts things into the version.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can reconstruct the trustworthiness.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust -- in definition, it's distinctive because we have other people.
You can't reconstruct what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough bases so they can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't deceive -- usually to all people, all the time.
But you also have to provide happy evidence that you're worthy of trust.
So how do you do that?
That's done every day, everywhere, the common people, the officials, the institutions, very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my socks says I can give you back without giving explanations.
I take them and give me the money, or they change them for the color I want.
That's great. I trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a great lesson on that.
If you get vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're confident and you have trust in what you're saying.
So at the end, I think that what we're pointing is not very difficult to discover.
What people trust is the relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers we've been striving for reducing the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of the screen in which the imagination can be described.
This separation has been reducing more and more and more, at such a point that today is less than one millimeter, the thickness of the glass of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I ask myself, and if there wasn't barriers?
I started imagining what it would be.
First I created this tool that goes inside the digital space, so that when the strong opposite against the screen would transfer its physical body to the pieces.
Designers can manufacture their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So with this tool you break the barriers.
But the two hands remain out of the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of your hands?
In the University of Applicators applied to Microsoft, along with my mentor Cat BoM, I turned the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
By combining a transparent bombsight with deep cameras to detect the fingers and the face, you can now raise the hands of the keyboard, get inside of 3D space, and grab pixels directly with your hands.
Like windows and archives have a location in real space, select them is as easy as to grab a book of a shelf.
You can adjust the book and raise lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that is below every floating screen.
architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with their hands.
In these examples, we enter the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and make digital information come to us?
Surely, many of us will have bought and return things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about it.
What I have here is a virtual test on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device mounted in your head or translated when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we took this idea further, I thought, instead of just watching pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel it?
So what would a future look like?
At the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Israel and my collaborator Rembru Post, we created this only physical pixel.
This spherical magnet is behaving as a 3D pixel in space, which means that as much as the computer can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space.
Similarly, what we did was we announced gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical and detectors.
And by programming digitally the object, we release it from the constraints of time and space, which means that human movements can record and go back and stay forever in the physical world.
You can show photographers physically and distance and family take from Michael Jordan, you can reproduce as a physical reality the times we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets, the physics, and unlike the monitors or the textbooks, this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel. It's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating than changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information is not just going to show us something but begin to act directly about us as part of the physical world around us as we have to disconnect ourselves from our world.
We started talking today about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that remains is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a gym for two years in Hunger, China, in the 1970s.
When I was in first grade, the government wanted to transfer to a school for athletes with all the paid.
But my mother tiger said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become engineering, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they firmly believed that there was just a close path to happiness."
No matter if the job would like or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese oil singer singer short.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A singer singer has to start training from very young to learn the concerns, so I tried everything I could to go to opera school.
I even wrote to the director of school and the presentation of a radio program.
But no adults would give you the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were kids, without authority, like me.
So at the age of 15 years, I knew that it was too much better to train.
My dream would never be done.
It feared that during the rest of my life, a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I solved looking for another vocabulary.
No one around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
I remembered books.
"The Commands of Samanian Saman Charisma" -- "Hello of Nation Hussein in North Hussein in 1995, and what were the first books here?
Those who were forbidden in China, of course.
"The Good Earth is about life company life.
And it's not convenient content. I understand.
The Bible is interesting, but weird.
That's a subject for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a reverse, "Honey to your father and your mother."
"Honey, I said, "It's so different, and much better than going on."
So it became my tool to get out of this confusion of confidence and to reset the relationship with my parents.
I meet with a new culture also led to my comparative reading habit.
It provides a lot of perspective.
For example, at the beginning, this map seemed to me out of place, because this is what the students in China learn.
I had never occurred to me, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
comparative reading is not a new thing.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to research camps like comparative religion and comparative literature.
Compare and contract, it offers the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought that if the comparative reading worked to research, why not do it also in everyday life?
So I started reading books.
They can be treated by people "Benjame Francisco from Walter Mashusama" from David McKisman who were involved in a same way, or friends with shared experiences.
For the crisis, the tensions are economic and political and spiritual.
For the Buddha are all psychologically, lust, fear and supporting social -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
"The path of Chain Tuth: Thomas Middle Theater -- "All the Way the Talk in the tradition, I found that you could win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation that I realized that "considered "constructive in Chinese literally means "getting fast for "failure."
And "Non-related in Chinese, it literally means new mother."
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know it will not feel like it just or powerless ever.
Having a destroyed dream is really nothing compared to what many others have suffered with.
I've come to believe that this is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is connect to the place that dreams come from, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
Until a destroyed dream can do that for you.
And that's because of the books, which today I'm here, happy, living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So the books always connect them.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first psychology of psychotherapy.
I was a Ph.D. student in clinical psychology at Berkeley.
She was a 26-year-old woman named Alex.
Alex came into the first session using sheets and a hollow tower, and I threw on the couch of my office took off the shoes and said I wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I was so released.
My classmates had a picture like the first customers.
And I got a free fleet that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the stories that Alex brought to the sessions, it became easy to just move the head while we went back the solution.
"The triangles are the new times," he said, Alex, and so I saw, she was right.
You start working afterwards, it gets married after it has children later, until death happens later.
For the teens like Alex and I had time to go.
But a little later, my supermarket paid me to press Alex to talk about his loving life.
I was shocked.
I said, "Of course, it's coming up with guys under his category, and he gets married with a head head, but it's not like he was going to marry him."
And then my superconductor said, "Not yet, but maybe it gets married with the next one.
In addition, the best moment to work in Alex marriage is before it gets married away.
This is what psychologists call a "Ah "Ahe."
It was when I realized that the 30 is not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what they used to do, but this didn't make the 2010 in Alex be a pause in their development.
This made the United States of Alex were the perfect moment, and we were wasting it.
So I realized that this kind of benign negotiation was a real problem and it had real consequences -- not just for Alex and its loving life, but for the roads, the families and the future of teens everywhere.
There are 50 million cellphones in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you think nobody gets to the audience without going through the 1990s.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20.
I want to see the fines here.
Oh, yeah! They're amazing.
If you work with fines, you love a finger, you take your dream a fine, I want to see. It's fine. Interestingly, the fines matter.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at 35 years.
This means that eight in 10 decisions and experiences and times "Love," which shape your life will have happened to when you have 30 and so many.
People from over 40 -- they don't go into panic.
This audience is going to be good, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a race have an exponential impact on the amount of money they will win.
We know that more than half the Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future partner at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up its second and last stage of growth in its 20s, and it's represented for the adult, which means that if there's something that wants to change themselves, now it's time to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 10 than any other time in life, and we know that female fertility gets to their tour at 28 and things become complicated at 35.
The '80s are the moment to educate about their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment in which their daily and common life has a disproportionate impact on the person who will become the person.
But what we don't hear often is that there's something called adult development and our 20 are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the fines are listening.
newspapers talk about changes on the line of the adult time.
The researchers call the 20th an extended adolescence.
The journalists are taking ridiculous names to the fines like "The "The "The "The "The "The Wildlifes and "The Dentas."
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a trivial what's actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Bernard said that to achieve big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it true?
What do you think happens when you stick a flee on your head and say, "Do you have another 10 years to start your life?
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and their ambition and not absolutely anything.
And then every day, smart fines, interesting like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this: "I know my girlfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count -- I'm just killing you."
Or they say, "Everybody says that as a career starts in before the 30, everything will be right."
But then it starts to sound something like this: "My 20 are for finishing and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better curriculum the day I graduated from college.
And then it starts to sound something like this: "My quotes during the 20s, were like the chair game.
They were all running and fun, but then at some point around the 1930s, the music turned out, and everybody started to sit down.
I didn't want to be the only one that would stay stop, so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the closest chair when I was 30.
Where are the fings here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a bit extreme -- but don't wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 1930s, there's a huge pressure on the trips and so many of you start a career, choose a city, choose a country, and have two or three children in a much shorter period of time.
A lot of these things are not competitive, and there are research that starts to show that it's much more difficult and stressed to do everything at the time.
The middle-class crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing that you can't have the career you want now.
You know, you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give a brother to your son.
A lot of trees and surprises look at themselves, and I sat in the room, and they talk about their 20, "What was I doing? What was I thinking?"
I want to change what the fines are doing and thinking.
Here is a story of how it might be.
It's a story about a woman named Emma.
By 25, Emma came to my office because I was in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said that he would like to work in art or entertainment, but he still couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a message.
As I was cheaper, I lived with a girlfriend who showed more time than ambition.
And in spite of living a few very difficult, their previous life had been even more difficult.
He cried often in our sessions, but then she lifted himself up by saying, "One doesn't choose their family, but you can choose your friends."
Well, one day Emma came his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
I had just bought a new book for direction, and it had spent the whole morning fill it with his many contacts -- but then he looked at the empty space that goes on after the words "In the emergency case, please call it."
I was at the point of the story when he saw me and said, "Who's going to be for me if I have an automatic accident?
Who is going to care about if I get cancer?
At that time, I cost a lot of work to resist and say, "Aye."
What Emma needed was not a therapy that was really worried.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit while the democratic decade of Emma was going on.
So for the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all of the bridge, man or woman, deserves to know.
First of all, I said to Emma that he would forget that identity crisis and get identity capital.
For identity capital, I mean doing something that adds value to your person.
Doing something that is an investment in what they want to be later.
I didn't know the future of Emma career, and nobody knows the future of the work, but I know this is this: identity capital generates capital.
So now it's time for that work on the other side of the country, of that interest, from that company that they want to try to test it.
I'm not cutting up the single exploration, I'm cutting the exploration that I shouldn't tell you, that by the way, it's not exploration.
It's protecting.
I told Emma to explore jobs and make them tell them.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are surveillaness.
The best friends are great to take you to the airport, but the fines that are together with friends with similar minds are limited in terms of who you know, what you know, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital that new person who comes out almost always comes from outside of its closest circle.
New things come from what are called weak friends of friends of their friends.
Yes, half of the fines have a bad job or they don't have work.
But the other half no, and the weak links are the way to collapse this group.
Half the jobs created never published, then, to know the boss of your neighbor is the way to get a work not published.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information happens.
Finally, but not least, Emma believed that you don't choose your family, but you know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a bear, Emma soon choosing his family, when he got a partner and she formed her own family.
I told Emma that time to pick his family had arrived.
Maybe you think that the 30 is better age to sit than the 20 or even 25 and I agree with you.
But to choose the person that you live right now, or you get right now when everybody on Facebook starts walking towards the altar.
The best moment to work in your marriage is before you have it, and that means being as intentional in love as you're at work.
Choice your family has to be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just making it work or kill time with anyone who takes them to you.
So what happened to Emma?
Well, we got that director. And she found the roommate of a cousin that worked on an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That work supply gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend that he lived with.
Now, five years later, it's special organized in museums in museums.
This married with a man who elected consciously choose.
I loved his new career, loved his new family, and I sent a letter that said, "Now emergency contact spaces are not big enough.
The story of Emma can sound easy, but that's what I love to work with bees.
It's very easy to help them.
The fines are like airplanes that come out of the airport of Los Angeles, which goes out somewhere in the West.
Just before the despair, a slight airplane in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fifty.
In the same way, at 21 or at 25 and even at 29, a good conversation, a good descendance, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next few years or even in the next generation.
This is my idea of spreading to all the fines you know.
It's just as simple as I learned to tell Alex.
It's what I now have the privilege of telling yellows like Emma every day, and the triangles are not the new 20s, they get their adult -- they get identity capital, they use their weak links to your family.
Don't let me define what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very extensive job in management consulting for a job that was even more excited, the doctor.
I went to teach students to settled students in the public schools in New York.
And like any teacher, I applied tests and tests.
I give you tasks.
When the work came back, I calculate the grades.
What struck me was that the CIA was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of you who had a better performance had no post-conflict penguins.
Some of my smartest kids were not getting so well.
And that got me thinking.
The kinds of things that need to learn in mathematics in seventh degrees, safe, are difficult, proportions, decisions, the area of a paradigm.
But these concepts are not impossible, and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and over time enough.
After several years more decade, I got to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivating perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know about how to measure better way.
But what if having success in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn in a quick and easy way?
So I left the classroom and went to college to become a psychologist.
I started studying children and adults in all sorts of challenging stage, and in every study my question was, who has success here and why?
My research team and I went to the military Academy West Pond.
We tried to predict what chains would stay in military training and who would be retreat.
We went to the National National Consequence of Delta and tried to predict what children would move the most possible thing in competition.
We studied novel teachers working in really hard neighborhoods -- asking what teachers still are going to be teaching for the end of the school year and those who will be the most effective to improve the results of the learning of their students.
We partnered with private companies, asking ourselves, which of these marketers are going to keep their job of work?
And who is going to make more money?
In all of these very different context, a feature came as an important prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance, the physical health and it wasn't the C.
It was determination.
Detail is passion and perspective to reach very long terms.
Detail is to have resistance.
Detail is to go to their future, day after day, not only for the week, not only for the month, but for years and working hard to make that future a reality.
Detail is to live life as if it was a marathon, not a career at all speed.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in the public schools in Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students to do my detail questions, and then I waited about more than a year to see who they were.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly higher chance to graduate them, even when I packaged them in every characteristic that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized tests, even the security that children felt when they were in school.
So it's not only in West Point or at the National National Contertation in which determination matters -- it's also in school, especially for children in risk of abandoning it.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know, how little you know science about your development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do I develop determination in children?
What should I do to teach children a solid ethic.
How do you keep them motivated for the long time?
The most honest answer is: I don't know.  What I know is that talent doesn't give you determination.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals that just don't go ahead with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, determination is constantly not related or even related to the talents of talent.
So far, the best idea I've ever heard about developing the determination in children is something called growth mental meaning.
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol Down, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not so much, that it can change with effort.
Dr. David has shown that when children read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grows in response to challenge, they are much more likely to persist when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where I finish my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have for the front.
We need to take our best ideas, our stronger intuitions and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they've been successful, and we need to be willing to fail, to get wrong, to start all again with the lessons that we learn.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our children more determined.
Thank you.
Growing up in Taiwan as the daughter of a chao, one of my most crowded memories is my mother showing me beauty, the shape and shape of the Chinese characters.
From that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for an foreigners that seems as impossible as the Great Wall China.
In the last few years, I have been wondering if I can break this wall, so that whatever I want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and rapid method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the strokes in every single character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academic would understand 20,000 characters.
You only need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature -- enough to read traffic signals, restaurants -- to understand the basic idea of websites or newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
They open your mouth as much as you can even be square.
They get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
Person.
If the shape of fire is a person with arms on both sides, as if I was screaming in a front way, "Audience: I'm a beautiful show -- this symbol actually is originally original in the form of the call, but I like to believe that it's the other way. The one that works.
This is a tree.
tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of doors from a store in the old West.
I call these eight characters.
They're building blocks so that they believe many more characters.
One person.
If someone walks back, that's going to go."
As the ancient said, two are company, three are crowd.
If a person would stretch their arms, this person is saying, "It was like that."
The person inside the mouth, the person is stuck.
It's a prisoner like Jona inside the whale.
A tree is a tree. Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the feet.
You put a mouth on the tree, that's an iPod."  Easy to remember, because a paralyzed tree is pretty ideal.
Remember the fire.
Two fire together, it becomes very hot.
Three fire together, that's a lot of calls.
Put the fire under the two trees, that is to burn down.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two soldiers together, prosperous.
Three together, those are flashes.
They put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the bright.
It also means tomorrow, after a day and one night.
The sun comes out of the horizon. And ...
A door. Put a table inside the door, is the clothes of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Toy, is there somebody at home?
This person is getting hidden from a door, scratching, sticking.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing them.
Three women together, have care is adult.
So we've already gone through almost 30 characters.
By using this method -- the first eight radios will allow them to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every small effort, they'll be able to learn a couple of different characters, which is the same as an eight-year-old Chinese.
So after knowing the characters, we started creating sentences.
For example, the mountain and fire together, we have a fire. It's a volcano.
We know that Japan is the land of the national sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is east of China.
So a sun next to you, we created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left is two mountains attached one on the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile because Chinese empires would destroy their political enemies beyond the mountains.
Today, the exile has become coming out.
A mouth that tells you to go out is a sand out.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and coming down from the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be dad is the movies that I get to see.
I love sharing my favorite movies with my kids, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the Oz magician together.
The film dominated its imagination for months.
His favorite character was Glegal, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and bring a magic wand out.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and raise our children in a kind of industrial complex spectrum of childhood spectrum.
However, Olympic magician was an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took rise for a quarter years later with curiously, another film whose protections, a metal boy and a fellow boy rescued to a girl dressed as a gun guard of the enemy.
You know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two films, there's a couple of different differences between the Oz Sea and all the movies that we see today.
One is that there is very little violence in the Oz magician.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like the manuals.
But I think that if the Olympic magician was done today, the magician would say, "Hollywood, you're the Olysil salvation as the prophecy.
You use magic shoes to defeat the military computer-generated military computers.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing from the Oz magician is that the most heroic characters and wise and even villages are women.
I started to notice this when I did Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a son.
Just three years old.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But he was the second son, and the oversight level had gone down.  So he was slided in the room and she was impressed as a mom left with his legs behind, and I didn't think he would understand what was going on, but he was independently, he was able to absorb everything.
I wonder what I feel.
Would you be themes of value, service and law?
Would you have the feeling that Luke joined an army to crack the government?
We compare this with the 1939 Mage of October.
How do you win Dora your film?
So doing good and good stories with everyone and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world that I want my children to grow up Oklahoma, okay? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much physical force F. force in movies for our children, and so little of yellow laws way?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and you should read it. It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this stimulation.
I know by experience that the princess Leire does not provide the right framework that I had served to navigate the world of adults that are mistake.  I think that at the time of the first kiss I really hoped that the credit would start to appear because it's the end of the film, right?
My search has done, I have a girlfriend.
Why are you standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies are focused to defeat the glass and get their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like for being a kid, you have to be a silly animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are a lot of exceptions, and it's going to defend the Disney principles to any of you.
But they send a message to the kids, even though they are not really their objective audience.
They do a phenomenal job when they teach girls how to defend the patrick, but they don't necessarily show the kids how to defend the patrick.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real and lovely and Kamsue and Katinescars, but they don't stop being movies of war.
Of course, the most successful issue of all time continues to appear on classic after classical -- each of them about the adventures of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who raised a girl.
Until many of you are thinking, this year finally came out Vancouver.
I recommend all of you. It's available in stores.
Do you remember what the criticism was when Vanitria came from?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a start.
It's very good. Don't let that stop them.
Well, almost none of these movies pass the Bee test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It hasn't yet been really properly, but maybe we're going to start a movement.
Alan Bellow is a comic drawing, and in the middle of the 1980s, I recorded a conversation that I had with a friend on the assessment of the movies that they saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that should be done, in the movie, is there more than a female character that has lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie?
Are your conversations about something more than the kid you like?  Okay?  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
It happens. I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the movie that we know and love.
In fact, this week, I went to see a very good quality, architecture.
Right? Rum Superinthistic Rushes, tape success -- a consensus idea of what a Hollywood movie is.
Pretty much the test of Berkeley doesn't happen.
And I don't think it should, because a lot of the film, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in an embassy where men and women hide during the residents of the shower.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this sculpture, and it's the great moment for one of the actions to take a look at the door and say, "You come to bed, card?
This is Hollywood.
So you get rid of the numbers.
In 2011, from the 100 more popular movies, how many of them think they have female protections?
Okay. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage as the number of women that we've chosen recently for Congress, then it's fine.
But there's a larger number that is going to be disappointed this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says it's been sexually assaulted in their life.
I don't think it's the blame of mass entertainment.
I don't think movies for children have something to do with that.
I don't think that music videos or pornography are closely linked up, but something wrong, and when I hear that statistics, one of the things I think is that there is a lot of sexual adverse.
Who are those guys? What are those learning?
What don't you get to learn with?
Are you holding the story that you say that a male hero paper is to defeat the glass with violence and then charge the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and doesn't talk about?
Are we associating that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistics and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our willingness as a powerful bird, and we hope that that help, but I have to ask, but do I have to ask the question, is it going to protect them if, at the same time, active or passively are we educating our children to keep their male power math?
I mean, I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important, and here I mean primarily to parents.
I think we need to show our children a new definition of man.
The definition of mathematics is radically changing.
You have read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the standard of the store.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what was his favorite character of Star Wars that I responded?
Google.
Boonchurger Kenya and Gleoper.
What do they have in common?
Maybe it's not just the bright dress out.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that know more than anyone, and they love sharing their knowledge with other people to help them achieve their potential.
They're leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want fewer stories to tell my son, and I see and struggle only and more stories where you see his job is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, helping other people to improve and be better people, like the Olympic magician.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things I liked most was to look for sea cookies on the shores of Maine, because my parents told me that that would give me lucky.
But you know, it's hard to find these shells.
They're covered with sand and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look for them.
I started to see shapes and patterns helped to collect me.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for the past and the architecture.
And finally when I started studying Egypt, I realized that seeing my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine, had grown up to one of almost 1,300 miles of length alongside the Nilobi.
And my sea cookies had grown up to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew it had to do differently.
I want to show you an example of how different we see by using the infrared industry.
This is a place located in the eastern Delta Delta called Benexibility.
And the place, to the naked view, seems to be brown -- but when we use the infrared and we process it using false color, suddenly the place looks like bright route.
What you're seeing is the actual chemical changes of the landscape caused by the construction materials and the activities of the ancient Egyptian electrons.
I want to share with you how we use satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city, called Israel, lost for thousands of years.
Islamic was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a time period called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in the Fan, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of the ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians have always known that Islamic was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that built them, indicated inside the red circles here, but somewhere within this huge rain planning.
This area is enormous. It's about six percent per 4,000 kilometers.
Before, the Nile flows right next to Islamic side, and as it changed over time, it moved into the east, and covered the whole city.
So how do you find a secret city in an extinct landscape?
Trying to find the random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a painting, with the eyes sold and using baseball guys.
So we use NASA GPS data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We were able to see where the Nile was flowing around.
But you can see more detailed, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that you see within the circle here, that we think it might be the location of Islamic.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing sample work, you can see it here.
When I say a show -- it's like the ice shots in ice, but instead of layer of climate change, we look for human occupation layers.
Five meters down, under a thick layer of local, we found a dense layer of chart objects.
This means that in this possible location of Israel, five meters below -- we have a several hundred years of occupation that date from the Middle East, exactly the same period we think is Islamic.
We also found people -- correlation, correlation, current and mater, which shows that there was a jewelry workshop.
This might seem like it's not much, but when we think about the most common stones used in the jewelry of the Middle Empire, these are the stones that they were used.
So, we have a dense layer of occupation that gives the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence of a elite jewelry workshop that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We don't find Israeli here, but we'll go back to the place in a near future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology, so that they can also make great discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire, probably written in Italy 4,000 years ago.
To share knowledge is most of all vocations.
There's nothing like that on the ground.
So according to it -- TED was not founded in 1984 Dr. C.
It makes ideas happen actually actually started in 1984 to C. in a lost city not for a long time and found from above.
It certainly puts the search for marine secrets in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, in front of the door of the house.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door, to the material that's done.
Now visualizing a group of obese nutrients in bicycle.
They're competing on a nutrient carbon race and they're going to address their door door.
I need you to see this truly true.
They're sticking strong, they're sweating, they will jump a lot.
And they collide against the door of their house.
There are bicycle blocks flying around all parts of wheels that go on the side of the wheels that end up in abstract places -- pass the door threshold.
On the lobby, the hall, or what is on the other side of the door, and watch the quality of the light, the light shining on the Goals Mother.
He's waving them with his hand.
From his chair on a brown horse.
It's a horse that speaks up.
You can feel your blue ball by doing it in the nose.
You can smell the sand cookie and you spend the store of getting into the mouth.
They go on one side and enter their living room.
Now in the room, and making maximum use of your imagination, imagine Britney Spiders.
He's with a little clothes, dancing on his center message, singing "Hit "Hill Beethoven One Time Time."
Now let's get to the kitchen.
The floor has been coated with a path of yellow bricks and from the oven to you the Moore of Haiti, the Harvard Manhattan and the Leon of the Oate of Olympic: took out of hands, jumping down to you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that has been conducted every spring in New York.
It's called the United States Memorial Memory."
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting, I guess, that this was like the end of a wise supermarket.
There were several men and a few dozen different ages, and different hygiene.
They were measuring hundreds of random numbers, looking at them just once.
They memorize the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorize entire poems in just minutes.
Companies to see who could memorize the order of a barbely shore of narratives.
And I thought, "This is incredible."
These people must be phenomenon of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England and has one of the best members of memories.
I said, "Hey, when do you realize that you were a satisfaction?"
Ed said, "I'm not a wise ...
Actually, I have an average memory.
All of those who participate from this competition say they have normal memory.
We've been trained to perform these miraculous acts of memory using some ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years ago at Greece, the same techniques that Cartier used to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize whole book."
And my reaction was, "Wow, how did I not hear about this before?
We were standing outside of the competition room, and Ed who is a wonderful and brilliant English English who is a little bit of English, and he said, "John, you are an American journalist.
Do you know Britney Septembers?
And I said, "What? No, why?
Because I'd like to teach Britney Spiders how to memorize the order in a little birth of living narratives, in national television barriers.
That would prove to the world that anybody can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not British Spidermentalism, but maybe you can teach me.
Do you have to start for something not?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year not just training my memory, but also to research, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what its potential.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man named E.P.
He's amazing, very probably with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that he had a memory problem, it's amazing.
Someone incredibly tragic -- but it was a window that allowed to see how far our memory makes us who we are.
On the other end of the spectrum I met this man.
This is Kim Pep. He was based on the paper of Dutch Hollywood in the movie "Raisland Man."
We spent a afternoon together at the Salt Lake City, members of phone guides, was centralized.
And when you come back, I read a number of treaties about written memory about 2,000 years ago in Latin, in Antarctica and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained memory and disciplined and crop was not a thing as rare as you can look like today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, to provide their minds.
These techniques have made possible our modern world, but they also have changed.
They have changed us culturally and I would say that they have changed as well.
As we have almost no need to remember, sometimes we seem to have forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where people are still passionate about this idea of a trained memory, disciplined and growing.
It's actually not so single -- there's competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated -- I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers from the University College in London invited a group of memory champions to the lab.
They wanted to know: Is it that it has brains in some way, structural or anti-conflict different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they more intelligent than the rest of the rest of the rest of it?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects that they were comparing them.
When they put them in a magnetic resonance machine, they scanned their brains as they memorized numbers, faces and forms of snow colonies, found that in memory champions they lit up parts of the brain, different to others.
They used to use, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something that we can learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memory is driven as an armed race where every year comes up with a new way of remembering more things, faster, and then the rest of the competitors should be put in a day.
This is my friend Ben President, three times champion of memory.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 draggers of dense nanoparticles that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and he just dominated.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 44,000 random binary digits.
hour. Yeah.
And as there is a huge amount of ways to remember things in these competition, absolutely all the techniques used at the end of the end of a single concept that psychologists call "constructive code.
It illustrates with an elegant paradox known as the "Parkinson's paradox. (Audience says this: I tell two people who remember the same word. I'm telling you that there's a man named Bakera."
That's your strip.
And then I ask you, remember there's a "Baby."
And when I go back later, and I ask you, "Do you remember that word that I told you a motor mother?"
Do you remember what it was?
The person who said that his name is Bake is unlikely to remember the same word as the person who was told that his job is "Baby."
Same word, different memory capability, that's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the Basin name doesn't actually mean anything for you.
with all the other memories dancing for their head.
But the word, "Baby." We know pandemics.
They use white hats simplistic.
They have handle in the hands.
They smell good when they go home to work.
We probably know some pandemic.
And when we first heard that word for the first time, we started to put associated stands for the fact that we could make them easier at some point.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data is about 2,500 years ago at the ancient group.
It's known as the "painter of memory."
The story says this: There was a poet called Simus that attended a bank.
They had hired it as an entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, it was not to a D.J. and it hired a poet.
He stood up, he received his memory poem, and he turned around, and so soon he was gone, the bank of the bank.
Get them all together.
But not only killed them all, but it destroyed the bodies by letting them irresponsible.
Nobody could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting in.
So they couldn't get the bodies out.
A tragedy behind the other.
Simus, standing outside, only survivor in the middle of the schools, closed the eyes and realized that with the eyes of their mind, I could see where I was sitting every invented.
They took the family from the hand by bringing them into where their loved ones were loved between the rubble.
What Simus warning at that moment is something that we all know more or less intuitively if we're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or instructions for our colleagues, we have visual memory and exceptional space.
If I asked you to receive the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about Simus, it's very likely to be very difficult to do it.
But I would bet that if you ask them to say who was sitting on the horse parallel in their lobby, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of memory is to create this building with your eyes of your mind and put it out of images with the things that you want to remember -- the more crazy, delivered, funny and specific image, the image, more incontemporated to be.
This is a advice that comes from more than 2,000 years ago, to the first memory treaties in Latin, in Latin.
And how does it work?
Let's say that you have been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and want to do it with memory, the same way I had done cancer if you were invited to TEDx 2,000 years ago.
What you might do is imagine you're on the door of your house.
And it will come up with some kind of absolutely ridiculous image, crazy and incontemple to help them remember that the first thing they want to mention is that completely insulin competition.
And then you can imagine entering your house, and you can see the Golden Golden Montered on Mister Ed.
And I will remind you that they want to introduce their friend Ed Cook.
And then you would see Britney Spiderments to remind you that funny anecdote you want to tell.
And then they would go into the kitchen, and the fourth topic that they would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for an entire year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how the Roman speakers memorize their speech, not word for word, which will confuse them but typical by typical typical.
In fact, the Time term comes from the Greenland Toyota, which means place."
It's a shame of when people think about the orbit and the rhetoric with this kind of spatial terms.
The phrase "First would be like the first place in his measure of memory.
I saw that this was just fascinating. And I became filled with that.
I went to some of these memory competitions, and I had the idea of writing something outside of this superconductor of competitive memories.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a particularly boring event.
Seriously, it's kind of like seeing a lot of people sitting by taking tests -- I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is massively marked.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put it in place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an ancient school announcement bought in a lung market.
And I discovered that this was surprisingly entertaining.
I had never expected it to be.
It was entertained, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What it's really about doing is to improve more and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, cartoons and consumers, insulin, abstracts and inconsistent eyes, in the eye of the mind.
And I got angry with this.
This is me, using my standard team of training for memory competition.
It's a couple of ears and a few security glasses covered with tape leaving only two holes, because the distribution is the worst enemy of a memory competitors.
And I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before -- I had the idea that I could come in, in a kind of participatory personal experiment.
I thought this could serve from good psychology for all of my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the competition -- something that didn't have to happen.
Of course it's nice to be able to memorize speech, and phone numbers, and shopping lists -- but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need to be able to build memory sticks or memorize shoes from narratives, to benefit with a little bit of perception about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a big memory as if it would be an innate gift, but it's not the case.
The big memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we are deeply focused on.
Memory palace -- these memory techniques are just delivery.
In fact, it's not even true.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep processing process, a kind of complete attention that most of us don't get around there.
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts.
This is how things make them memorable.
And if there's something I want to leave you with today, it's what Elizabeth I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose from what our short existence is already missing in the Blacks or iPhone, not paying attention to human beings in front of us, who walks on our side. Are we so honored that we don't even bother to process in deep deep?
I learned from first hand that there are amazing memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you must be the kind of person who remembers remember.
Thank you.
Today I'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex subject, so we're going to give you just a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from N. Jersey, I was six years old and lived there at home of my parents in a village called Library, and this was my child bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And, between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a balcony that was giving the room to be.
And there they all spent the time looking at the telly -- so every time I went from my room to the bathroom, everybody looked at me -- and every time I was shower and back in a towel -- everybody saw me.
And I was like this.
It was touch, insecure and hated it.
He hated that rid, hated that ball, hated that room and that house.
That's the architecture.
Right.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about math, or distribution of areas, but of those visceral connections, emotional connections, that we feel in the places that we have.
And it's not surprising that we feel that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency -- Americans spend 90 percent of their time under ceiling.
It is, 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
architecture determines us in ways that we don't even realize us.
That makes us a little bit of naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what you are going to do -- think of power, stational and democracy.
And I know that you think about it like that for based on a building built 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a trigger that architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways that we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection, we've used this trick for a very, very long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century in America, we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable, solid soldiers in front of the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is frightening.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
The people who build, the University and the governments, are always afraid of innovation, and they prefer to use shapes that know they're going to work.
And so we found buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Public Library of Library that ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a dome -- it has this redevelopolth thing, columns -- red lawyer, which let me try to communicate with this building, the children, the property values -- the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, ended up another library, which looks like this.
He's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media media in the digital age.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to come together, read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both of these libraries, are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works according to the beginning of the penguin.
On one side is innovation, architects that constantly drive new technologies, new technologies, new solutions for current life.
We drive, we waste and we push so much, that we completely fall out of people.
All of the black, this depressed us, you think we feel very well, but we're dead on the inside because we don't have another choice.
We have to go on the other side and connect to those appropriate symbols.
So we do that, and we are all happy, but we feel like transports, so we start experimenting again. We are going to be caring about the back of the back and over again -- so we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we came out of the '70s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called building.
It has to do with the concrete.
That can be guess.
Small windows -- scary scale.
Something really hard.
So we came up with the 1980s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We push the penguin back in the other direction.
We take those ways that we know they like and we update them.
We added and we added passengers and we used new materials.
They love it.
We don't give the attention.
We take Carroab arms and turn them into records, which can be called medieval means of glass.
The forms were sent, they won in audacity and colorful with them.
The engines became columns together.
The stories grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But it was the 1980s, that was great.
We all spend the time in commercial centers, we move to the neighborhoods, and there, in the suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasy.
Those fantasies could be to the Mediterranean, the French or the Italian one.
So possibly with a symphony of bread.
This is what happens to policy.
This is what happens to symbols.
They're easy, because instead of creating new spaces, we remember memories from other places.
I know very well, and you all know, this is not the Torisia.
This is Ohio.
The architects feel frustrated and we start making the penguin carefully completely on the other direction.
In the '80s and early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called democratic.
We downloaded the historical symbols, now we have new computer design techniques -- and we find new composition, a few ways that are crashed against other ways.
This is academic and advanced, and it's super impact -- you have totally excluded.
Normally the chemical penturnotion again in direct direction.
But then something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's Billie Geographic from Brianost Geothang.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Goldair's said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critical and academic and public activities were completely according to a building.
The New York Times came through this miraculous construction.
The tourism in Bilbao increased in two percent when the building ended up.
So, all of a sudden, everybody wanted one of those buildings, Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Spring.
Everybody wanted one, and Geography was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these forms, wild and radical, how is it possible that they become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the media was gave around them, and quickly we learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these shapes.
The same thing did the main mayor of the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and tourism.
This phenomenon of the beginning of the new millennium, with other star architects.
I went to Zahan and Liberians, and what happened with these few elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually started to happen to all architecture -- the digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think of, for example, how they consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have to walk to the next town to see a building.
The transportation is accelerated, you can take a boat, an airplane, can be tourists.
The technology is accelerating -- you can see in the newspapers, in the TV, and at the end, all of us are architecture photographers and the building is beyond its physical location.
Architecture is everywhere right now, that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It doesn't cost a lot of time to think about a building.
It takes a long time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 more buildings, before I know the one I designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there has never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we find buildings like this.
Brilliant was not a two year-old movement, but 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they were arrested.
That will never happen. I think, because we are in the threshold of the largest revolution in architecture from the invention of the concrete.
My theory is that when you apply the percent to media, it starts to look faster and faster, until it will be in both extremes almost in simulation, and it is effectively devoted the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, the architects, and you, the public.
Now we can make almost instant symbols, with emotional charge of something completely new.
I'm going to show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that was bringing.
This is the center of a village called Pinistans in France Island, in the state of New York.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant that two years before the building, it was already part of the community, and as the drawings looked exactly like the finished product, there were no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community, that first summer, when people began to come and share it in social media, the building stopped being just a building, became a media -- because these are not just images of a building, it's the images that you made of the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that makes you recorded with collective memory, and by taking these symbols together, we learn.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell each other what we think about architecture, because digital media hasn't only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think about a second in those libraries in Libabethan.
If that building is built today, we will first go to the Internet in search of new library."
We would be bombarded with examples of experiment, of innovation, about what a library can be.
That's men.
Mentalities that can lead to the mayor of Libabethan, to the people in Libabethan, and tell you that there's no unique response to what a library can be today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experiment.
It's all different now.
The architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use complicated words and complicated drawings, and one is no longer a depressed audience that doesn't accept something that I haven't seen before.
The architects can listen, and you don't let the architecture.
That means that the eye percent of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find right solutions to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that tomorrow buildings will be very different from today's buildings.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Seva can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red brick with based on ideas of what a stadium should be.
This means that a few robots can build our buildings, because we will finally be ready for the ways that are going to produce.
That means that buildings are sent to the whims of nature and not the opposite.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or for yoga. Or even one can marry there at night.
This means that three architects can dream with swimming on the East East of New York, and raise half a million dollars of the community united around that cause, it's no longer a client alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little pavilion of kidney breakthroughs, as muscle and fiber like the animals you're going to look at.
Because no matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
The architects already know how to make buildings more ecological and more intelligent and more kind.
We've been waiting for all of you to want.
Finally, we're not on the opposite side.
They find an architect, to make it and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot in play.
Buildings are not only reflecting our society, but they shape the way to the smallest spaces, the local libraries -- the homes where we form our children, and the weight of the bedroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Steve.
I just turned a year and started walking.
And it does it in that cool way, typical from a year, supporting as if their body was moving too fast for their legs.
It's totally beautiful.
And one of the things that you like to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection.
It's laughing and choppans, and it gives itself those big kisses and female.
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all of your friends do this, and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and it made me think, when I was able to do this?
How is it that we are suddenly not about our approach?
Because, apparently, we don't like.
Every month, 10,000 people search in Google, "Am I a phone?"
This is Fah, it's 13 years old and lives in Dennett.
And like any teenager -- it just wants to be loved and finish.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for next week in school.
It has a little scary. It's a little bit confused because, even though his mom tells him all the time that it's beautiful, every day in school, someone tells him it's ugly.
Among what his mom tells him and what his friends or colleagues of school said, don't know who to believe.
So he makes a video of her, he publishes it on YouTube, and he asks others to please leave a comment, "Am I nice, or am I a paradigm?"
Well, so far, Faiza has received more than 13,000 comments now.
Some of these are so disgusting that it doesn't even deserve to think about them.
We talk about a healthy teenager, normal and current, which receives these responses in one of the stages of their most vulnerable life.
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what is it going to do this?
Well, today's teenagers are almost never alone.
They're under pressure of being online and available all the time, talking, hanging, giving me like this: sharing, sharing and publishing, this is never over.
Never before we've been so connected in a continuous way, so young.
As a mother told me, "It's like there's a party in his room every night.
There's simply no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from the hand with that are injurity.
This environment, to be always connected, is spreading our kids to support based on the number of "I like they have and the kinds of comments they get.
There's no division between a life online and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what is real or what it is.
And also, it's very difficult to know the difference between what is authentic and what is digitally manipulated by it.
What is the most heartbreaking thing in somebody's life in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are they looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are broken from the news of the girls now.
The zero-sum models continue to dominate our passengers.
The technique of the architecture is now a routine now.
And trends like Stanford, Stanford, Germany, Bibria and Farm.
For those of you who get it, it means protein.
These trends are associated with women in the popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people are shared.
But kids are not immune to this.
Like the surface stars of the sports and the display singers.
But what's the problem with all this?
Well, surely we want our children to grow healthy and individual individuals.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, to the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical capacity, their studies and other aspects begin to suffer.
Six in 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't see good enough.
These are not trivial activity.
They're fundamental activities for their growth as human beings, and as contributions to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class arguments, they avoid participating in classrooms because they don't want to call attention for their physical way.
One in five are not attending classes at all, when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the tests of tests, if you don't think you see good enough, specifically, if you don't think you're delicious enough, you will get a smaller note to the average of your classmates who are not worried about it.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland and the United States and China.
And it gets irrespective of what these young people really weigh for.
So, so that it's good of course, we're talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem on its body is delivering academic performance.
And it's also delivering health.
The teenagers with a little bit of self-esteem perform less physical activity, they eat less fruit and vegetables, they participate in more no healthy diet than they can take them to a food mess.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people around them, and they are at greater risk of depression.
And we think that's because of what they make more risky decisions like alcohol and drug consumption -- dramatic distances, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early ages and without protection and self-replicating.
The perfect body search is pushing health care system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe they have a bit of absorbent, regardless of whether or not they have higher rates of accountability.
The 17 percent of women are not presented to a job interview in a day where they don't feel secure with the way they see.
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity be like?
To release this potential is from interest to each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, speaking for itself, it doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms -- the first is that we have to instill trust in their own body.
We need to help our teens develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of well-intentioned programs -- without realizing the situation.
So we need to make sure that the program that our children follow our children will not only have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas, the first is the influence of the family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are critical points for anyone willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental -- but facing this problem requires each of us that we take the stores in the issue, and we're a better model to follow for women and girls in our own lives.
Understanding the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to tell our politicians in order of hair or the size of their chest, or to imagine that determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a great beauty.
We need to start to judge people for what they are, not like you see.
All of us can start doing it using responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we publish in our social networks.
We can choose people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you, when was the last time you kissing a mirror mirror?
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as companies, to really change our culture, so that our children will grow up by valuing all their person, valuing the individual, diversity, inclusion of it.
We have to put people who are really making the difference in a penic.
For making a difference in the real world, let's make them have the ones that come out in the big screen because we will only create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where they believe that they are never going to be able to be who they are, or to reach what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who are you in mind?
To the wife?
A sister's sister?
Do you know?
A self-interest? A friend?
It could just be the woman who is at two distances of distance -- what would it mean for her if it was released from that automatic voice inside his interior, that I was afraid for not having long legs -- more delicious, a more flat fly, smaller feet?
What would it mean for her if we were going to overcome this and we would say, right away to its potential in that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is holding us all together.
But let's teach our children the truth.
Let's show that the way that you see is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for who are and what they do, and for how they make us feel.
We include the self-esteem in our schools in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and compared to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small trees of a year of today, become the agents of safe change of themselves tomorrow.
Let's do it.
On November five in November 1990, a gentleman named Edison November entered a hotel in Manhattan and murder to the Rabbi Kaharan Rabbi Kaharan, the leader of the Jewish Defense League Act.
They initially declared it, but being pressure for other minor charges, in the company of others, they started planning attacks about 12 icons from New York, including tunnels, synagogues and the United Nations.
Fortunately, those plans were frustrated by an FBI informant report.
Sadly, the 1993 bomb in the World Trade Center couldn't avoid it.
Later November would be convicted by his participation in that attention.
Spiderin November is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being him an Egyptian engineer, with a loving American mother, a primary school teacher.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, that very few, even most Muslims -- come to know.
For experience I saw that when people take time to interact with, it doesn't require a lot to get to want to want the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in every human group, there is always a small fraction of people who are so advanced to their convictions that think that they have to use all the media possible to live like them.
A few months before he had been sitting with me and explained that in the last week, he and some friends, had been going to fire training in Long Island to practice.
He said I would go with him the next day.
We arrived at the Calvin Lauren Polluture who, without knowing our group, was beaten by the FBI.
When I was touching my father, my father helped me hold the frame on the shoulder, and he explained to me how to aim about about 30 meters.
That day, with the last bullet that discovered I gave the little orange light on the goal, and to surprise all of all, the whole goal is in flames.
My uncle went back to the other and in Arabic, said "Ingellance abuse."
From such a father, such a child.
At all, the comment produced a lot of laughter, but just a few years later I understood what they were so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted to put a charge with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground parking of the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and shot to another 1,000.
I admired those men.
He called them "Amazon," which means uncle.
When I was 19, I had moved in 20 times. That instability during my childhood didn't allow me to do a lot of friends.
Every time I started feeling comfortable close to someone was already time to go and go to another city.
As I was always myself the new face of the class often was mathematical victims.
I kept secret in my identity to avoid being the white -- but it will be the new class of class, silence and region, it was enough medicine.
So most of the time I went home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons I didn't develop social skills, to say so softly -- for growing up under fantasy, I was not prepared for the real world.
I was educated to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or their religion.
So how could I open the eyes?
One of the first experiences that were testing my thinking was during the presidential elections of 2000.
In a college program where I participated at the National National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group was focused on juvenile violence -- like I had been a cat victim almost all of my life, was something that I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from different backgrounds.
One day, to the end of the conversation, I discovered that one of the kids who had done friendship, was Jewish age.
I took several days out of light this detail and realized that there was no optimism between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend and frankly, I was very proud to have been able to check the barrier that all life had made me believe that it was infrastructure.
Another crucial moment emerged when I got a summer work in Bush Gardens, a amusement park.
I found people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures, that experience was fundamental in developing my character.
All life had taught me that gay was a sin and for extension, all the gay homes were bad influence.
By the way, I had the opportunity to work with homosexual actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the oldest and less critical I'd ever seen in life.
By having been a kid, I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat young people, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
For that feeling I could hire the stereotypes that had taught me as a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know how to be a homogenerits but I know what is going to be judged for something beyond my control.
Then he came the "Dia Shark."
Every night, Jon Stewart made me intellectually honest about my intellectuals, and it helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways he became my home shape at a moment where I was desperately doing it.
In occasion, inspiration can come from the unexpected. And that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father, extremism, was not in hand.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my way to think, and she told me something to consider in my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who has suffered enough with an endless document and said, "I'm tired of hate.
At that time, I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all that hatred inside your inside.
My real name is not Zachea Egypt.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why decided to go out and put it in a positive risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope that someone, one day, who is trying to take violence, can hear my story and understand that there is a better path -- that although I was connected to this violent and intensive ideology, I didn't get to make me fantastic.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against prescriptions.
I do it for the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, for the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced them in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism to speak, against those actions without any sense, as a rejection to my father's actions.
And with this simple I'm going to show you that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that kids don't have to follow the paths of their parents.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you all.  Thank you very much.
Right now, there's a film that is projected in its minds.
It's an amazing multitasking movie.
It's 3D and it has sound sound of what you hear and see right now. But that's just the beginning.
Your film has a angry, taste and texture.
You feel your body, your pain, your hunger -- your pleasure.
It has emotions, angry and happiness.
It has memories, as moments of your childhood who are projecting before your eyes.
And it has constantly a voice superimposed in your conscious thinking.
The heart of the movie is you who experience all in the way.
This film is your flow of consciousness, the subject of the experience of the mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of being human being.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal film, you, you and you.
There's nothing that we know more directly.
At least, I know that I have a consciousness.
I have no certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't aware of consciousness, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal films, right?
Why are we not just robots that we get to produce results without experiencing the inner movie film?
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science is observation.
consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost the entire 20th century, I predict that vision.
psychology studied the behavior objectively -- neuroscience studied the brain objectively -- but nobody mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then, 20 years ago, everything started to change.
neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Penguin said, "Now it's the moment for science to address consciousness."
And since then, there was a real explosion of the scientific work of science about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations until the moment.
The center of consciousness in the recent years was the pursuit of correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kanny had a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of looking at faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a correlation science.
It's not an explanation science.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you that this kind of work of neuroscience answers some questions that we want to explain consciousness -- the questions about what certain areas of the brain do and what they correlate with.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offense to neurosciences.
There are actually no easy problems with consciousness.
Because I don't deal with the true central mystery of this matter, why all physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness, right?
Why is there an subjective internal film there?
At this point, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give it a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like the furniture, like humans, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical surfaces are all cases of emergent behaviors, how the fundamentalists operate -- how the hurricane works, how they breed and adapt and metabolize the living organisms -- all of these are questions about objective function.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon, how we walk, how we talk about, how we play chess -- all of these are questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, questions about behavior are among easy problems.
But the hard problem, is the question why is it that all behavior is accompanied from subjective experience?
And here is, the standard paradigm of the emergence -- the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually still doesn't have a lot to say.
I am a heart scientific material.
I want a scientific theory of self-replicating self-interest. For a long time, I hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work.
But at the end I got to the conclusion that it didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we stand at this point.
We have a wonderful chain of wonderful, great explanations, we get used to this -- physics explains chemistry, chemistry explain biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we're conscious.
We don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I believe that consciousness, right now, is a kind of animal, something that we need to integrate our vision of the world, but we don't know yet how.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas, I think we need ideas that at the beginning seem crazy, before you can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
Their crazy idea is that there's no such thing as a difficult problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of internal subjective film includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you need to do, is to explain the objective functions -- the behaviors of the brain, and so you study everything that needs to explain.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductive consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many other people, that vision is pretty close to simply deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I go in a different direction.
In the time that I have, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promised.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental landscapes, space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that governments, like the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics.
These fundamental laws and properties don't explain in terms of anything more basic.
On the contrary, they're considered fundamental, and that's where the world is built.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental turns over.
In the 19th century Maxy discovered that you can't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental consequences -- specific space, time, mass laws -- Newton -- so I put the basic laws of electronics, and I put the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws government.
I think that's the situation that we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental present ideas, space space, time, mass charge, so for a matter of logic, you have to raise the list.
The most natural thing would be to put awareness itself as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not the object of science.
It opens the path to do it scientifically.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect awareness with other fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass, physical processes.
physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we can store them in a remote.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can store them on a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we look for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Each system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called pantheons, "Pania for all, "Paul per mind, every system is conscious -- not only humans, the dogs, the flies, even the microbes of Rob Kitch, the elementary particles.
Even a picture has a degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that the photons are intelligent or they think.
It's not that a picture can be filled with distress when he thinks "Oh, always traveling to the speed of light.
I can never slow down and smell the rooms."
No, so no.
But the thinking is that perhaps the photons can have some element of raw feeling support, some primary precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little crazy for you.
How do anybody think about something so crazy?
And part of this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental -- like space, time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, like others.
It's also worth noticing that although the idea seems immune, it's much less for the people of different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful form of finding fundamental laws that relate to thinking about physical process, is to link awareness with information.
Whenever there is information processing, there's consciousness.
Company of complex information, like a human being, complex awareness.
Simple information processing, simple awareness.
Something very exciting is that in recent years a neuroscientist, Given Tony, took this kind of theory and development with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information of information, which is called the store, which measures the degree of information in a system.
And I suppose it has to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible degree of information integration, a high degree of son, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is an average degree of information integration -- very significant and very significant awareness.
But when you get to the commands, microbes, particles, the degree of stick.
The level of information is lower, but it's not zero either.
In the theory of Tony, there will still be a different level of consciousness for zero.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness, high degree of son, high degree of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that panchinalization can help us integrate awareness to the physical world.
Physicists and philosophers have often observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations -- but it doesn't talk about the reality that underlies below.
As Stephen Hawking, "Where does the fire of the equations go?
From the bank vision, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but they can be used to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists make basically describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts fire in the equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not out of the physical world as a kind of adulthood.
It's right there in the center.
This vision, I think, the philosophical vision, has the potential to transform our relationship with nature, and it can have some pretty serious social consequences.
Some can be illustration.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that had consciousness, so I had to be vegetable.
If you're a pantheon and you accept that vision, you will have a lot of hunger.
I think thinking about it well, this tends to transform your vision, whereas what matters in terms of ethical and moral conditions, it's not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the artificial intelligence system of Samania in the movie of Heart?
Is it conscious?
According to the vision of pathological information, she has a complicated information processing process, so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you get pretty serious ethical problems about the ethics of developing systems of smart computer systems and the ethics of taking it off.
Finally, you can ask for the awareness of whole collective collective collections, the planet.
Does he have his own consciousness?
Or a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience on a TED Talk -- right now, we have a TED collective consciousness, an internal movie for this whole TED group, different from the internal movies of each of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that should take seriously.
So this picture view is a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer of the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing, that of the second one that is universal.
Vision raises a lot of questions, many challenges, like, how those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and love us.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we go through the right path to a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, this is probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't expect to solve it overnight.
But I think we finally will be discovered.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a small rural village in victory.
He had a very normal profile, a low education profile.
I went to school, I was meeting my friends, I was fighting with my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came to my parents because I wanted to go to a community prize.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She hasn't got anything.  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After school, I had a low profile on my mom, and I spent a lot of time looking at the "Buddha Salary and Darwinians Creek."
Yes, I know. What a contradiction.
But they were right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take disability out of the equation.
Years later, being in the second part of the teaching in a high school in Melinda, just after about 20 minutes in the class 11 class, a guy raised his hand and said, "Hey, when do you give your discovery?"
I said, "What about the discussion?
Well, I had been talking about the law of diagnosis for about 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, you know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair, they talk about inspiring things in school?
"Okay, in the acts of actor."
And it was then when I realized, this child had had experiences with people with disabilities as inspiration objects.
And we don't are. And it's not a blame of the guy, I mean, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our manipulations.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire us.
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair, and you're probably waiting for them to inspire them. Right?  Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to disappoint them in strange.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that they've lied in relation to disability.
Yes, they have sold the lie that disability is something bad, to magical, M.
It's a bad thing and living with a disability makes you exciting.
It's not a bad thing and it doesn't make you excited.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through social media.
You may have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude.
Or this one: "Your excuse is invented."
Or this one, before I leave, intense it."
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one of the hands without hands drawing with a pencil held by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with original fiber officers of carbon fiber.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the term deliberately deliberately, because they make a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we classify the disability in benefit from people without disability.
The purpose of these images is to inspire you, motivate them, so we can see them and think, "Well, for very bad that it is my life, it might be worse.
I could be that person.
But if you are that person?
I've lost the number of times that I've been talking about strangers wanting to express that they believe that I am brave or an inspiration source, and this happens before my work had a public profile.
It was like I'm happy to get up in the morning and remember my own name.  And this is to change.
These images, those images cost people with disabilities.
They're there so you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put their concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something difficult.
We knew some things.
But the things that we overcome are not the things that you might think.
They're not relative things to our bodies.
I use the term "Pretty much "deliberated," because I subscribe to the so-called social model of disability, which tells us that we're more disabled, because of the society that we live than because of our bodies or diagnosis.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very excited with him.
It does the things I need to do, and I've learned to take the best of your ability as well as you do, and that's what happens to the children of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything out of the common.
They're just using their bodies taking the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to challenge them in the way we do that, when we share those pictures?
When people say, "You're a source of inspiration -- you say it as a clip.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because they have sold us this lie that disability makes us exciting.
And honestly, it doesn't do it.
And I know what you're thinking.
And I'm here by rotating the inspiration and you think, "My God, This is not sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know I am.
Learning from other people with disability at all times.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
And I learned that this is a great idea to use a little bit of barrier pictures to collect the things that they fall to me --  learning the ingenious trick of how to charge the battery of the mobile phone in the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and resilience of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis, but against a world that exposed and costs us.
I really believe that that lie that we have sold about disability is the greatest injustice of the disability that we have.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote: "The only disability in life is a bad activity: the reason that it is lie is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles to a scale of stairs have never ever done that it becomes a brancher.
Never --   Sound on a television screen won't make the support for deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and industrializing a positive attitude to turn all those books into the brand.
It's just not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl sitting in his bedroom watching "Bull Slow Valentine is not considered no desert from anything to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disability that we are happy to get away from bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the overall achievement of people with disability and I want to live in a world where a child in the 11 degree in a high school in Melinda school is not a little bit surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair user user.
The disability doesn't make us exciting, but question what you think you think about what you do.
Thank you.
What do you have to do with augmented reality and professional football, with empathy?
And what is the average speed of a grand grandmother?
Unfortunately, today I'll just answer one of those questions, so please don't determine.
When people think about augmented reality, they think of "Minority Report" and in Tom Cross running hands in the air, but the augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know it, because the augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and the mobile phones.
So how do we get the augmented reality?
The first step, that's what I wear positive: the Google Glass.
I'm sure a lot of you are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that the Google Glass, it's a device that allows you to see what I see.
I'll allow you to experience what is a professional sports in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use the Google Glass, underneath a helmet and know what's running through the game camp at 100 miles, the blood hitting the ears.
We can know that a 12-year-old man will get us off, trying to replicate them with all his being.
I've been there and I assure you that it's nothing nice.
I bring some videos to show you what the Google Glass is under the helmet and give them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of the NASA practice, because the idea of the NASA of emerging technology is a submarine coming up on the surface. But -- we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Klai: Come on.
It's horrible to be taken.
A moment. Let's take a little bit.
Disconnected?
Go!
Chris Kulen: As you can see, it's a project of what is going to be taken on the football field from the store perspective.
You may have realized that people lack people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, cut from the University of Washington.
Field of camp," mice 54: mice 4: 17.
Blue eight, Blue 8: Go!
Chris Klai: This is a little bit more about feeling being in the field, but it has nothing to do with being at NASA.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, being your favorite players, and you've asked me on YouTube and on Twitter, "You can see from the angle of a field carbon.
Or of a rock or a rock?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get from full, how do we take it to the next level?
We took it to that level using something called "computers Rio, which surely many people already know.
The Subject Subjects has been described as the most realistic virtual reality apparatus ever created, and it's not a cheap word.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no. I don't want to keep playing. No!
Oh, my God. Ah!
CK: That is the experience of a man in a Russian mountain afraid of his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we record a video of Adrian Peter crossing the line, distributing from a marker with the arm before we run and make an anti-angry? What will be the experience of a fan.
When I can be Missonal running through the street, throwing the ball back to the bottom of the network, or Feed doing a Shakespeare backyard?
What will be your experience when you fall from a mountain to over 100 miles as an Olympic school?
Maybe they increase the sales of panels for adults.
But this is not really augmented reality.
It's just virtual reality, Robert.
How do we get augmented reality, Rio?"
We will reach up the augmented reality when the coaches and the owners and the owners look at what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams.
How do we use it to win parts?"
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. They give them money.
So, here's a brief report about technology at NASA.
In 1965, the Paris of Balkana put a grant to their field carbon to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, NASA put radio into the helmet of the field carbon and then in the defense.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2013, imagine you're a player coming back to your group and you see his next play shown in front of you, in a plastic bombsight that they wear -- no longer being worried about forgetting a play.
Or to memorize strategy.
They just go out to the field and they react.
And the coaches want it because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose parties, and they hate losing parties, they hate them.
If you lose party as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But augmented reality is not just a lot of better strategies.
The augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the game.
How would you do that?
Well, a very simple option would be a camera on every corner of the stadium having a view from how high people are down.
You also get information from the sensors of the helmet and the accelerators, something that's already working already.
And all that information is sent to your players.
Good teams will be able to send them.
The bad ones will have access of information.
This will make good teams of bad equipment.
So your team of computing will be as important as your records, and the data analysis will stop being just for nerds.
It would be as well. Who would have imagined it?
How would it be in the field?
Imagine that you're the field market.
You get the bullet and you go back.
You look at an open receptor. Suddenly a flow on the left part of your bombsight gives you a defense behind you is going to attack you. Normally, you won't see it, but the Rio system gives you you.
You move to the protein area.
Another flow gives you that there's an open receptor.
You toss the ball, but you get down.
And the bullet loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land yet, and yet, the receptor sees in your bombsight an area of grass that is lit and can modify the race.
It opens up, it takes the ball, it runs and they anticipate.
The public allows and the fans have followed the play from every angle.
This is something that will create a massive emotion on the side.
To make lots of people look at it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The augmented reality will be part of the sports because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is, we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use it just as bread and circus like our usual entertainment.
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the augmented reality to foster the empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally being in the place of another person.
We know what this technology is going for for sports lights.
It generates billions of revenues a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show an abalone how dancers are their actions from the perspective of the victims?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how is it persisting?
How much is it for a Commander Harvard or a Neil Derek Typosite trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of quarterly notes and Karais?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality is coming.
The questions we make, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we face, they depend as always, of us.
Thank you.
I recently retired after 23 years of service.
Most of those 23 years I spent the South County of the County County, which includes the Golden Gates.
The bridge is an iconic structure, which is global known for its beautiful view of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean and its architectural style.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Golden Gates Bridge was open in 1937.
Joseph Strategies, engineer who has been commissioned to build the bridge, said that, "The bridge is practically the evidence of suicide.
Surgery from the bridge is not practical and probably."
But from their openness, more than 1,000 people have jumped their death from that bridge.
Some of you think that traveling between the two towers will take you to another dimension -- this bridge has been ideally ideally ideally interested, such that the fall from him frees you from all your concerns and pain, and the waters that go down to clean your soul.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After a four to five seconds, the body fell against water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact broke the bones -- some of which punched vital organs.
Most people die in the impact.
The ones that don't normally stand up in the window and then shake.
I don't think that the people who are contemplating this method of suicide realize the death of the death that they will face.
This is the cables.
Except around the two towers, there are 32 inches of parallel steel to the bridge.
This is where most people are in before they take their lives.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge, and in their darkest moment, it's very difficult to bring them back.
I took this picture last year while this young man was talking to an officer telling her life.
I want to tell you with joy that we have success that day to bring it back on the bar.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We struggled to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who are contemplating suicide, but the officers as well.
We've come a long way since then.
Today, veterans and prisoners train the new offices.
This is Jason Garden.
I met it on July 22 last year when you got a call from a possible suicide subject sitting on the heart near the center.
I answered, and when I arrived, I looked at Jason talking to an official from the Golden Gate bridge.
Jason was only 32 years old, and she had flown down here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown down here two times before New Jersey to try to suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason -- he asked us if we knew the Pandora's box story.
Remember the Greek mythology Zero, Zero created Paulo, and she sent it to the Earth with a box, and he said, "Hey, never open that box."
Well, one day, the curiosity could more than Paul, and she opened the box.
He came out of plates, penguins, and all kinds of evil against man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What if you open your box and there's no hope?
He stopped a few instants, leaned on the right, and left.
This nice and smart boy in New Jersey had just taken away the life.
I talked to the parents of Jason that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, I didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see how it was.
Jason parents had asked them.
The collective damage of suicide affect many people.
I ask you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone loved the surface?
What would you say?
You know what to say?
In my experience, you don't just talk to me, you have to listen.
Listening to understand.
Don't argue, you know, or you tell the person you know how they feel, because they probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the tipping point you need.
If you think somebody is suicide -- you don't have any fear to face them and ask the question.
One way to ask you the question is, others in similar circumstances have thought about ending their life -- have you had these thoughts?
Control the person in front of it can save life and be the tipping point for them.
Other signs to look, despair, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to improve -- impossibility, believe that there is nothing you can do about it, social instant -- and a loss of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple days ago, and I got an email from a lady and I'd like to read her letter.
She lost his son the 19-year-old January of this year, and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago, and he was with his permission and blessing who read it.
"Hello, Kevin, I imagine you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go back to the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still quite inspiring, but I'm going to notice more moments to realize that Mike won't go home.
Mike was driving from Peter to San Francisco to see the 49 to her father on the 19.
He never got there.
I called the police of Peter and reported it as a disappeared night.
The next morning, two officials came to my house and reported me that the Mike car was down in the bridge.
A witness had seen it jump from the bridge at 150 percent of the day before.
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be terribly too weak to fight for themselves.
Who hasn't been wrong without suffering a real mental disease?
It shouldn't be so easy to end with it.
My prayers are with me for your struggle.
The G20 Bridge Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a cemetery center.
Good luck this week, Victoria.
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and go to the path that his son took that day, and also the value to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value.
On March 11, 2005, responded to a radio call for a possible suicide subject in the end of the bridge near the northern tower.
I drove my bike, and I looked at this man, Kevin Berting, standing on the sidewalk.
When he saw me, he crossed immediately, and he stopped on that little tube that goes around the tower.
Over the time and a half, I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided for his account that day to come back to that lane and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, I happy.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I said, "What was it that I made you go back and give the hope and life another opportunity?
And you know what I told me?
He said, "You hear me.
You let me talk and just listen to you.
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from Kevin mother, and I have that letter with me, and I'd like to read you.
"Dear Brianson -- nothing to erase the events of March 11, and you are one of the reasons that Kevin is still with us.
Honestly, I think Kevin was calling for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it has been properly medically.
I adopted Kevin when I only had six months, completely unconscious from all of those heroic traits, but because of God, we now know it.
Kevin is in order, like he says.
We give God for you.
Just in debt with you, Narrator Berlin."
And at the end she wrote, "Point." When I visited the General Hospital of San Francisco that night, you felt like the patient.
"I know I had to solve.
Today, Kevin is an active father and active member of society.
He speaks openly about the events of that day and his depression with the hope that his story will inspire others.
Source is not just something that I've found at work.
It's personal.
My grandfather sustained with poison.
That act, despite finishing your own pain, I stole the opportunity to know it.
This is what suicide does.
For most of the suicide people, or those who consider suicide, they wouldn't think about giving another person.
They just want their own pain to end.
It's usually just three things: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've been responding and I've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and called suicide around the bridge.
Of those incidents I've been directly involved in, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason one.
The other man was a man who talked about an hour.
During that time, I broke my hand in three times.
In the end, I looked at me, and he said, Kevin, I'm sorry, but I have to go."
And I jumped out.
Horrible, absolutely awful.
I want to tell you, however, the vast majority of people that we get to contact that bridge is not suffering.
In addition, those few people who have jumped from the bridge and lived and that they can talk about it, that one percent or two percent, most of those people have said that the second one that they left on the side of the boat realized they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge is not only Marian Connecticut with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that everybody and each of us should be working for doing.
suicide.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you whatever you're not, but you know what you are, and a question will make you, how do you become that that?
I have to be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone in any way I'm alone.
When I became a model I felt that I finally got the dream that I had had since a child.
My outside finally agreed with my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, I will refer to you later, when I look at this picture, I think, "Genstries -- you get it, you get it.
But the past October, I discovered that, barely I'm beginning.
At all our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the value of release, to get rid of the limitations imposed by the color of the skin or the beliefs of the people around us.
These are people who always defy the status quo -- which is considered to be accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, a lot of my friends, my agent even ignored my story.
I think this pig is called revelation.
This is mine.
They recorded me as a kid, because of the appearance of my genital genetics.
I remember my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I always carried this shirt on the head.
And my mom asked me, "Why are you always wearing that camera on your head?
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl.
I knew how to resist.
The gender has always considered an immune fact, but now we know that it's something more complex and mysterious, actually.
Because of my success, I never dare to share my story, not because I would think it would be what I'm bad at, but how the world deals with those of us who want to be released.
Every day I appreciate to be a woman.
I have mom, Dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There is a Hindu goddess of the daughter.
And when I was eight years old, I was on a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries here.
I was standing in front of the stage, and I remember this beautiful woman appeared to me, and I remember that moment as if something would hit me, this is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I was a man, I met this woman named T.
It's the director of a regular beauty competition.
That night she asked me, "Why haven't you been involved in the beauty concept?
He told me that if he participated she was going to get out of the instrument of inspiration and the seals of the seal, and that night, they won in bathroom suit, they won in ball and she was third in the third end of 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside the world of beauty residents.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was a beauty of blood women, but I can.
And I also met the device of the departments, especially when we traveled to the remote promises of the Philippines.
But more importantly, I met my best friends in that community.
In 2001 my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they passed my application on the green card.
I was shocked.
I said to my mother, Mom, I'm having fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty of beauty.
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said, "You know if you moved to the United States, you could change the name and the indigenous indigenous?
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested me to put two "the "The name of my name.
She also approached me when I was in Thailand at the age of 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand, they perform the more prestigious and sophisticated and safe surgery.
At that time, in the United States, it was necessary to make surgery before they changed the name and the gender.
So in 2001 I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driver's license with the name of General and the Fey of female gender.
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity document means being able to drive or be able to get a stranger, but for me it was the license to live, to feel dignity.
Suddenly, my fears were minimized.
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and be a model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think of this woman, Alexander Nets.
A young woman from New York who quickly lived his truth, but he was densely, he put his life end.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
Every 20 of November, we make a global surveillance for the Community Day.
I'm on this stage thanks to a long story of people who stand up and stood in front of the injustice.
These are Marshall P. Johnson and Sylvia River.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't continue to live my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best thing to help others live their truth without shame.
I'm here, I am exposing it, so that someday there is no longer about 20 in November now.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Will you do it?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  KT: General, a quick question.
General Royal: Sure. You see, first of all, thank you all my benefits.
I have my parents to my parents, especially to my family, who itself is very strong.
I remember all the times that I've been to young women who have been trained, and sometimes when they call me and tell me that their parents couldn't accept it. I took the phone, I called my mom and said, "Mommy, can you call this woman?"
Sometimes it worked, others don't. It's just gender identity, that's what's at the center of what we are, right?
I mean, everybody is assigned by birth, and what I'm trying to do is to put on the table that sometimes that self-interest self-interest, and that there should be a space that allows people to suspended people, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The railroad movement is moving compared to gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
It should have understanding.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope that all of you are my allies.
KS: Thank you. Very kind. GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents usually are known for their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known to their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Malawi started his campaign for education defending his rights in 2007, and when his efforts were moved in 2011, when he was considering the National Prize of peace, he became very famous, a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, I was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, the story of women is the story of injustice and inequality and violence and exploitation.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when a child, the birth is not celebrated.
It's not welcome. It's not for your father, not for your mother.
The neighborhood comes from, gives the mother to the mother and no one happy to the father.
And a mother is overwhelmed by having a child.
When he gives birth to the first child, the first daughter, she gets sad.
When he gives birth to the second daughter, he comes down, and with the hope of a son, when he grabs his third daughter, he feels guilty as a criminal.
Not just the mother suffering, but the daughter -- the newborn daughter -- when it grows, it suffers as well.
At the age of five, when you should go to school, you stay at home and school admit to your brother.
Until the age of 12 years old, it has a good life.
You can get fun.
It can play with your friends on the street, and you can move down the streets like a butterfly.
But when I go into the adolescence when it gets 13 years old, you get it out of your house without a male accomplishment.
He's confined to four walls in his house.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes called the honor of his father and his brothers and his family, and if he transfers the code of that honor -- he could even kill her.
And it's interesting that this code code of honor, not only affects the life of a girl, also affects the life of male members of the family.
So this brother, the joy of their life and the happiness of their sisters in behalf of the honor.
And there's a norm more of the patriarchal societies that are called generation.
A good girl must be very traditional, very humble and very subsidies.
It's the criterion of it.
The model of a good girl must be falling.
It's supposed to be silent, and it accepts the decisions of their father and their mother and the decisions of the elderly, even if they don't want.
If you marry a man who doesn't like it, or if you marry it with an old man, you have to accept it, because you don't want to be a dense team.
If you take the very young, it has to accept it.
Otherwise, they will call it dense.
And what happens in the end?
In the words of a poet, "The married, the fight, and then gives birth to more children and daughters."
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, including the same lesson to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children.
And this vicious circle continues and continues to continue.
I loved brothers and sisters when Malah, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the newborns, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt incredibly honored.
And so much before I was born, I thought of his name, and he was fascinated with a legendary legendary fight in Afghanistan.
His name was Malah from Mahambeigher, and he called my daughter like that.
But when I stood up, everyone was men, and I grabbed my pen, and I brought a line from my name, and I wrote, "Malaria.
And when she grew up, when I was four and a half years old, I admitted her in my school.
You might ask, why should I mention a girl in a school in a school?
Yes, I should mention it.
You can be sitting in Canada, in the United States, in many developing countries, but in the poor countries, in the parallel societies, in tribal societies, is a great event for child life.
To describe in a school means the recognition of their identity and their name.
A memory to school means that it's entered the world of dreams and the aspiration where it can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks earlier, when I was getting the Canadian visit, and I was in the relative part to the family, I couldn't remember the spills of some of my sisters.
And the reason was that I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give my sisters or his daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate intelligence.
I encouraged it to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I encouraged it to go to different meetings.
And all of these values, I've tried to instill them in their personality.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Malawi.
I've taken all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike.
I used education for emotion.
I teach my daughters, teach students, to forget the lesson of the obesity.
I teach students to forget the lesson of the so-called sendon.
Wanting brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we struggled to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights and particularly for women's rights.
It's called the Taliban.
That means a complete denial of the participation of women in all political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
Girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use candles and stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silent, the girls who were killed and the singers killed the stored.
They were suffering for millions, but a few talking, and it was scary to have around those people who kill and hold when you talk about their rights.
It's really frightening.
At 10 years old, Malawi stood up and stood down the right to education.
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog, offered herself for the New York Times, and he spoke in every platform he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It spread as a classroom around the world.
And that was the reason that the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and the nine in October 2012, they were shooting in the head.
It was a fantastic day for my family and for me.
The world became a great black hole.
Whereas my daughter was deploying between life and death, he whispered to my ear to my wife, "Should I blame for what happened to my daughter, your daughter to your daughter.
And he was intended to me, "Please don't blame you.
It defended the fair cause.
You put your life in play by the cause of truth, because of the cause of peace, and by the cause of education, and your daughter inspired you and you joined you.
Both of them were on the right path and God protected.
These few words meant a lot to me, and I didn't ask again.
When Malaw was in the hospital and he had severe pains and severe headaches because his facial nerve was cut out, I used to see a dark shadow that spread through the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained it.
I used to say, "I'm okay with my story and my entrance in my face.
I'm going to put it right. Please don't worry.
It was a comfort for us, and we would tell us.
The brothers and sisters, we've learned from her how to resist at the most difficult moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for the rights of children and women, it's like any 16-year-old girl.
He cried when he didn't finish his task.
He fight with his brothers, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What about special in my tutor that has been so bold to Malawi so brave and expressive and email?"
I tell you, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
He didn't cut his wings, and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operating from the brain 18 years ago, and since that day, brain science has become a personal passion.
I'm an engineer.
And I want to tell you that I've recently joined the Montal group of Google, where I've had a divided to my charge -- the Google X.C. visualization divide -- but all the work that I'm going to talk today about here about the science of the brain, I did it before I joined Google or outside my work there.
Having said this, there is a stigma when you get to a brain operation.
You are still as smart or not?
If it wouldn't be, could you be intelligent?
After the neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't the gray matter, but it was the sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neuroscientists.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide how much to take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, I would die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the combinations and mix of chemistry, and trying to get it, to follow life.
More than once I've been saved by a little bit.
But luckily, I have an experimental soul, so I decided that I would experience to try to get the optimal doses because there really isn't a clear map that is really delivered.
I started testing with different mixes and I was surprised to see how small changes in the dose changed dramatically my self-interest, my sense of who I was me, my sense of thinking to each other.
A particularly awesome case, for a few months, I tried decades and typical chemicals for a young man, and I was surprised to see how they changed my thoughts.
I was always funny, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and --  -- of course, many times in the past I've met several types like this, or maybe some of the versions of the world.
It turned out like an extreme.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be a red.
In fact, I was trying -- a lot of insecure, fix a problem that I had in front of it, and just not like that.
So I couldn't handle it.
I changed my dose.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through -- since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to achieve. When we adjust those hormones and neuroscientists and so on, it was to recover my intelligence after disease and operation, my creative thinking, my idea of ideas.
I tend to think almost always in images, and that became my key reference point -- how do I get those mental images that I use to create protected, my ideas, if you want it? testing new ideas and recreating situations.
These kinds of thoughts is not new.
Philadeles like Humber, Descartes and Hobbes, look at things like this.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
Today there are people who ask this idea, and there are many discussions about how the mind works, for me is simple: for most of us, mental images are fundamental for creative and inventive thinking.
So after several years, it manages to find the point right and have already lots of great mental moments, really violent, well sophisticated and sort of structured.
Now, I'm working on how to take well these mental images, from my mind to the computer screen.
Do you imagine what would happen if a movie director was able to use its imagination only to steer the world that you have in front of the front.
Or could a musician extract the music of his head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way that creative people can be shared at the speed of light.
And the truth is that, the only difficulty to make this is simply increasing the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to this with two recent experiments done by two recent groups in neuroscience.
Both used MRI technology, image by functional magnetic resonance to represent the brain, here you can see the brain scan done by Giant Gandhi and their Harvard colleagues.
The column on the left shows the scale of a person who looks at an image.
The middle column shows the scale of the brain of that same individual as you imagine, seeing that same image.
The column on the right is created by holding the content of the central column on the left. You see that the difference is almost note.
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost note.
Now, let me share another experiment. This is from Jack Galapan lab in Berkeley, California.
They managed to convert brain waves into recent visual fields.
Let's put it in this way.
In this experiment, it showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while their brains were scanned to create a great array of brain reactions to video sequences.
Then I showed you a movie with new images, new people, new animals, and while a new scan was recorded.
The computer, using only the brain information of the scan I decided it to show what seemed like the person was seeing.
On the right, you can see the conditions of the computer, and on the left, the video I showed you.
This left us books.
We're right about doing it.
We just need to improve resolution.
And now, remember that when you see an image, and when you imagine that same image, you create in the brain the same map.
This was conducted with the world's largest resolution systems available today, and its resolution is increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are many techniques to do it.
One is to open the skull and introduce electrodes to it.
I don't offer to that.
And so many of them are proposing new programming techniques for images, even me -- counting with the recent result of the MRI -- first we need to ask ourselves, this technology will be the end of the way?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger magnets -- but at this point, the more fat they only offer little improvements in the resolution, they don't increase for thousands as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of larger magnets -- we make better pictures.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different struggles, like making a spectacular.
And why does this matter?
In the last few years, a lot of effort at MRI was to make really big magnets -- right?
However, most recent advances in research and brilliant solutions and decoding and decoding and reformation and FM radio frequencies in MRI systems.
Instead, instead of a unique magnetic field, we use structured magnetic patterns attached to radio radio frequencies.
So by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM radio frequency processing processing process, we can increase a massive way of information that can be extracted in a single scale.
Also, we can then divide our growing knowledge on the structure of brain and memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need.
By using MRI we should be able to measure not just the flow of blood flow, but the hormones and neuroscientists that I've mentioned and maybe even neural activity -- this is sleep.
We will be able to fly our ideas directly to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go on top of the language and communicate directly by thinking about it?
What would we be able to be?
And how do we learn to deal with the truth of human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is big.
These are big questions.
It would be irresponsible to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer's and similar disease.
We have a few more choices than opening this door.
Anyway, take a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that it will take much more.
We need to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you this night about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have arms.
His closet may be to say to some person for the first time than the love or tell someone who's pregnant, or tell someone who has cancer, or any other hard conversation that you have gone through in life.
And all serious arrangement is a difficult conversation, and even though our issues can vary tremendously. The experience of having lived and coming out of that closet is a universal thing.
Day fear, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
Many years ago, I worked at the South Side Wall Capital, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several stages of the intensity of liquid military -- I would not draw my armpits from the New York De France as a legal.
And I'm going to be aware that because of the height of my short screen, and I had to shake my head a little bit, I was usually asking a little kid, "Hey, are you boys or girl?"
And it would appear a silent silence on the table.
I would take my jaw a little bit more, and I would take my coffee with a drawing leave.
The father included the newspaper and the mother would launch a cold look at her son.
But I would say nothing and boiling inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that next time I would say something.
I would have that difficult conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
"Are you a guy or a girl?
A family silence, but this time I was prepared and was about to go filled with the female issues at the table.  I had the Betty Francisco quotes on the table.
Gloria Symphony quote.
Even a snippet of the "Vagina Monologues" that I would show you.
And so I breathe down and down my gaze and my backs a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at me what is not a challenge for a feminist dollar, just a girl with a question, "Are you boy or girl?"
So breathing back again, I set up close to it, and I said, "Hey, I know this is a confused thing.
I have the short hair like a kid, and I see child clothes, but I'm a girl, and you know, as well as you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas.
Well, I'm more of the girl of a comfortable single climb."
And that girl looked at me very much, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite pajamas.
Can you give me a snake, please?
And that was it. Just "Oh, OK. You're a girl.
What about the bank I was a personalized?"
It was the easiest conversation of all I've ever had.
And why? Because the small girl and I, both of us were honest with the other.
So as many of us, I've lived in some advantages in my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be a rice.
But inside, in the dark, you can't know what color is the walls.
You just know how one feels like living in a closet.
That's how my closet is not different than you or your yours or your own.
And surely, I'll give you 100 reasons why to get out of my closet, was more difficult than coming out of yours, but this is the thing: the hard thing is not relative.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell you that explain to someone who has declared in a broken bank is more difficult to say that it's been sticked?"
Who can tell me that this story that I tell is more difficult than telling your five-year-old who will be divided?
There's no more difficult -- there's only the hard thing.
We need to stop tracking what is hard about how difficult to another person to make us feel better or worse relative to our closet, and we should only feel empathy because we all live something difficult.
At some point in our lives, we all live in arms, and they can make them feel security, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you that it doesn't matter what their walls are, a advance is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine the same 20 years ago.
I, that had a horse tail, a dress and a tall shoe.
It wasn't the military lesbian prepared to fight any four year-old child who would go into coffee.
I was frozen in the fear of the fear in a corner of my dark closet, including my gay grain, and moving only one muscle is the most scary thing I've ever done.
My family, my friends, complete strangers that I have spent my entire life trying not to disappoint them, and now the world would turn around to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a script that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't launch that great, you kill you.
One of my most memorable gaps was on my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many of the individuals knew that it was gay, and by doing my honor ladies, in my black and targets dress, I walked around the tables and finally came to one where the friends of my parents, people who knew me about years.
And after talking about a moment, one of the women said, "I love Nathan Langley."
And the gay story battle had begun.
"Would you ever be in the Catterian before?
"Well, yes, the truth is we have friends in San Francisco.
"Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard it's fabulous."
"Ah, you know my story Antarctica?
It's very good and never talked about having a girl."
"Oh, what is your favorite TV program?
Our favorite program -- Will and Grah.
And you know who love us? Jack on.
Jack is our favorite."
And then a woman, discovered, but in waiting to show desperately his support, to make me know that he was on my side, finally said "It's sorry, "Well, sometimes my husband uses pink shoes."
And I had an opportunity at that time, as you have all the grade launchers.
Surely, it could have been easy to indicate where they felt getting dentist.
It's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were strongly.
And what else can you ask someone, but especially especially?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for how authentic you get.
That's how difficult conversations are still my strong point.
Ask anyone that I have come out.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Girl of Pennsylvania.
Now, please look at this through gay perspective, but they understand that what it means out of any store is essentially the same thing.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take the armor. Be yourself.
That girl in the cafe had no armor, but I was ready for the battle.
If you want somebody to be generous, others must know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be directly. Just give it. Raise your parks.
If you know they're gay, give it.
If they say to their parents that maybe they could be gay, they would keep the hope that it could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more important.  Let the complex.
You communicate their truth.
They are never apologize for that.
And some of you may be able to get safe herd, apologize for what they've done, but never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of you may feel disappointed but that something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not of you.
The only story that matters is that you want to write.
So next time you find it in a dark advance by buying a grass, you must know that we've all been there before.
And they may feel very alone, but they don't.
Thank you, Boston. Enjoy the rain.
Interesting, what is that?
If you look at the story of how intelligence, a productive example has been the famous quote of Edward Discovered that "The question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim.
When Edgar Disappeared wrote this thing as a critical to the pioneers of the computer like Alan Turkey.
And so a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental underlying physical mechanisms of intelligence.
Let's go back a step.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that they're an alien race, which you know nothing about the biology of the Earth or the neuroscience of the Earth or the intelligence of the Earth, but they have incredible telescopes and you can look at Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can look at Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terrorists, we know that reason would be that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you are an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, which has no concept about the Earth, they would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how, to a certain moment in time, the asteroids that deliver the surface of a planet miserable to do it.
And so I claim that this is the same question that the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I took a number of years ago, I announced a variety of topics through science, through various disciplines that I think, I think, to one single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally adjust to the development of intelligence, and in particular, for the development of universal states that maximize diversity of possible future.
Finally, in robotic motion planning, there have been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action with the end of doing complex tasks.
And so taking all these different issues and putting them together, I asked, for a number of years, there is an underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we can extract from all these different questions?
Is there just an equation for intelligence.
And I think the answer is yes. What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent of one and I for the intelligence I've ever seen.
So what you're looking at here is a claim that intelligence is a force that acts to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or keep the open choices, with one force you, with the diversity of possible future activities, yes, to an impending future time, it does.
In a few words, intelligence doesn't like to stay stuck.
intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open options.
And so having in account this equation, it's natural to ask, what can you do with this?
How predictable is it?
Does the level of human intelligence?
Does artificial intelligence.
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Recent research in cosmology have suggested that the universes that produce more deserts, or the one-third -- for their life should have tendency to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that tension cosmological connection between entropy.
What if intelligent behavior isn't just correlated with the long-term entropy production, but actually emerges directly from it?
To find out, we've developed a software engine called Entrological, designed to maximize the production of long-term entropy in any system that you find within.
Surprisingly, International could spend multiple animal intelligence testing, playing human games, and even earning money by buying action, all of that would have been told to do that.
Here are some examples of English in action.
Just like a foot of foot without falling down, here we see English balance automatically by using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave it a goal.
He just decided for his account to balance the post.
This ability of equilibrium will have applications for human robotics and human assistance technology.
This ability of tool use will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
Also, just like some other animals can cooperate by pulling out of extremes of a rope at the same time to release food, here we see that England can do a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and a variety of other fields.
English is widely applicable to a variety of dominators.
For example, here we see it very hard to play a game game with itself, illuminating its potential for play.
So here we see English orbit new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disconnected and kept with success the very connected network.
This same capacity of network organization also has applications in health care, in energy and intelligence.
Here we see England organizing the routes of a flower flow, discovering with success and using Panama channel to expand the world from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, Internet is widely applicable to problems in autonomous defense and logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see Environment spontaneously discover and execute a business strategy -- sold in a simulated series of action negotiation -- successfully increasing assets under their management exponentially.
This ability of risk management will have broad applications in finance and safe.
Alex Nishies: What you have seen is that a variety of marks of intelligent cognitive behavior such as tools, walking upright and social cooperation -- all of you are going to get out of one equation, which leads to a system to maximize its future freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony here.
Let's go back to the beginning of the term of the robot, the R&D play, there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber debate.
Machines would be lifted against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all these decades, we've had all the concept of cyber rebellion to investment.
It's not that machines first become smart, and then megabits and trying to move around the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise directly from taking control, rather than being the version.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the target.
I often ask myself, how do you look for objective takes from this kind of frame?
My equivalent to that statement to move into the descendants to help them build artificial intelligence or to help us understand human intelligence, is this: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid restrictions in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at an inflection point in human history, something between the comfort of the stars and losing the planet we call home.
But in the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth is in the context of the universe.
The Kepler Messic mission has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting around other stars, which points that the Earth is only one between the billions of planets in our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the luminous intensity of the stars when planets go ahead of them, and they block a little bit of that light that comes to us.
The data collected by Kepler shows the sizes of the planets besides the distance that there are between them and their stem star.
In a nutshell, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rocks like the land planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they get from their sun.
Instead, this gives clues about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, as we are finding this potentially livable world, our own planet is going under the weight of humanity.
2014 was the most hot, recorded record.
glaciers and ice ice that have been with us from a millennia, now they're disappearing in decades of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused on the global scale have rapidly spread our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a climate scientist, and I'm not astronomy.
But I study the ability of the planet influenced by stars, with the hope of finding places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that I look for alien opportunities in the immune sector.
Now, as a very interested in the pursuit of life in the universe, I can tell you that the more I look for similar planets on Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invited a comparison between the newly discovered planet and the planets that we know better."
Let's take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rock, and despite being a little further from the Sun, it can be considered a potentially habitable world showing this by a mission like Kepler.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and in part, that's why we study so much to Mars.
Our Rover as the "Cubalism tracked their surface in search for clues about the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the MRI mission -- take samples from the marine atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their ability.
private companies now offer not just short space flights but also the temptation of living on Mars.
But even though all these marine images remind us to the desert of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with vague ideas and pinks, compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
We take the extension of the killer areas of our planet that are still going to be collapsed, really excited places in comparison with Mars.
Even in the smallest and more elevated places on Earth, the air is fresh and representative of oxygen exhibited by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement by the colonization of Mars and other urban planets with a big shark and sad shadow, the implications and belief of some that Mars will expect to save us from this information of the only planet that we know is truly habitable on Earth.
For much of that I like interactive exploration, I'm in deep disagreement with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but to say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagine that the Titanic captain will tell us that the Titanic capital will have place later in the wild.   Thank you.
But the goals for the international exploration and the Earth preservation is not contradiction.
No, they are actually faces of the same command: the goal of understanding, preserve and improve life in the future.
The extreme environments present in our world as extraterrestrial pandemics.
They just find it closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile areas and the installations of the land, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment, the Ferra paradox.
A lot of years ago, the European physicist physical physics asked, having in account that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there are many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of the existence of life so far.
Well, where are they?
Well, a possible solution to the paradox of Fermi is that when civilizations become advanced enough to keep living between the stars, they lose the notion of how important the planets are to protect the planets that drive this development.
It is regular to think that only intrinsic colonization will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and intrinsic exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to supply the hostile environments of Mars for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the even easier task to preserve the ability on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own home.
And while I was in the front porch looking at my pocket, I realized that I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that were on the dining table, where I had left them.
So quickly I tried to open all the other doors and windows, and they were all well closed.
I thought about calling a closed, at least I had my cell phone, but on the midnight, a card could take a long time to come in, and it was cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe in the next morning, and I was worried about my passport.
It would be expensive, but sure that I didn't even more expensive than a crying at the middle night, so I thought, despite the circumstances, it goes out well.
I'm a profession neuroscientist, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
Rare liberating that increases heart rhythm, modeling levels of adrenaline and cloudy the thinking.
And when I got to the facility teacher in the airport, I realized that I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started wondering, if there was something I could do, systems that I could put in its place, that they prevent bad things happen.
Or at least, if bad things happen, that minimize the likelihood that it's a total catastrophe.
So I started thinking about that, but until a month later, my thoughts didn't criticize.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Kamania, winning the Nobel Prize, and a little embarrassed I told him that I broke the window, and I had forgotten my passport, and Danny shared with me that I had been practicing something called property retrospective.
It's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Kleiner, who had written from this a few years before, known as printed.
Everybody knows what the prototype is.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts comes up and trying to figure out what was wrong, right?
In the printer, as Danny explains -- you look forward and try to figure out all the things that could go wrong and then try to figure out what can do to prevent things happen or to minimize damage.
So what I want to talk to you about is some things that we can do in the form of a printer.
Some of them are evident. They're not so evident.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, it will make a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds common sense and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis -- based on how our space memory works.
There is a structure in the brain called hypertext, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a tracking of the location of important things, where the fish are, where the fish are, who are looking at fruit trees and enemies.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that goes into London.
It's the part of the brain that allows the addicts to find their nuts.
And if you ask them if somebody actually did the experiment, they cut the smell of the arms and still they could find their nuts.
They didn't use smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason to lose keys from the car, light and parallel glasses.
So at home they take a place for the keys, a hook alongside the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For your passenger, a particular box.
For your reading glasses, a particular goal.
If you take a place and you're schools with it, your things will always be there when you look for it.
What about trips?
Take a picture of their credit cards -- the driver's license, passion, selling it by mail to themselves so they are in the cloud.
If these things are lost or steal them, this can facilitate substrube.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases cortical.
Coral is toxic and entire thinking.
So part of the primary practice is to recognize that under stress, we're not going to be at the best moment, and you have to put the systems on your site.
And there is perhaps no more stressed than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we're all going to be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical attention, or to be loved to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this is raised as a prototype for all of the medical decisions, and in fact for financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take out of a rational assessment of the facts.
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I've got the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit high.
You all know that the high cholesterol is associated with a higher risk of cardiovascular disease, attacks the heart, draw brain.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says, "I'd like to give you a drug that will help you reduce the collapse, a static."
And maybe you have heard about the statistics, and you know that it's one of the most responsive drugs in the world today, even if you know people who take them.
And so you think, "Yes, remind me the statistic."
But there's a question that you have to do then, a statistics that you should ask where most physicians don't want to talk about, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for NASA, the number needed to treat.
And what is this, the NANCU?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or get to a surgery in any medical procedure before you help a person.
And you have to think about what kind of statistics that you have described is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor would not pick up something if it wasn't to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not a doctor of the doctor, and if it's guilty of somebody, it's the scientists like me.
We haven't understood the underlying mechanism.
But the scarsing scanning of the drawings works only 30 to 50 percent of the people.
So the number needs to try to treat the most widely recipe statistic -- what do you think it is?
How many people have to take it before it helps a person?
300.
This is according to the research of cynical researchers Jeff Grove and Pamela Barack, confirmed independently by Block.
I just explore the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before we avoid a single heart attack, bring brain or another adverse event.
Now maybe you think, "Well, one chance in 300 of the collapse of my cholesterol.
Why don't you, doctor? Give me the recipe anyway.
But then you have to ask for a statistic more, and it's "Bee from the side effects -- right?
For this particular drug, the side effects are produced by five percent of patients.
And those include terrible things, displays muscle and articulate pain pain, but now they think, "The five percent is not very likely to happen to me, still to take the medicine.
But a moment.
Remember that under stress doesn't think clearly.
So think about how this is going to take this over time, so they don't have to make the risk chain in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped them, five percent of the 300 have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to get rid of the drug that you help your medicine.
I don't say they have or not take the statistics.
I just say you should have this conversation with your doctor.
Medical ethics requires it, is part of the beginning of informed consent.
We have access to having access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash, but actually this number needed to treat is pretty typical.
For the surgery that is more done in the older men in the older than 50 years, the number needed to treat is 49.
This is, 49 surgeries for one person who has helped to.
And the side effects in that case are produced by 50 percent of patients.
Those include the importance or strong disaster, intricate incomplete, straight germ, fecal incomplete.
And if you have lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects will only have a year or two.
So the idea of the premise is to think before the questions that you can pretend to drive the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all this in the act.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have a choice many times, you want a shorter life free of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things they talk about and they think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
You can change the heat of the moment, but unless you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases cortical under stress, and one of the things that happens at that time is that you get a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face with a predator -- you don't need the digestive system, or the legacy or the immune system, because if the body is spending metabolism in those things, it doesn't react to quickly. They might get to be the lunch of the lions so nothing of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is rational logic thinking -- like Danny Kamania and his colleagues have demonstrated it.
So we have to train ourselves to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we're all defense.
We're all going to fail at the time.
The idea is to think of the future how they could be those false ones, to put the systems in the place that will help minimize damage, or to prevent bad things happen in the first place.
Revisionate on the night of snow in Montreal when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed me a combination of combination alongside the door, with a key from the front door in the same way, a easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I haven't ordered -- and lots of mail messages I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized. But I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Pitt, "Picto is my favorite musical symbol.
It means playing sometimes.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a "P in the party, you need to play more self-interest.
Two steps, even more sad.
Four percent, extremely soft sale.
This is my drawing of a trip of "Fly, and it looks like it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of "Four may have been to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence, a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the story of the American sign system, the ASD, besides a little bit of my own story.
The French signs language came up during the 1800, and over the time, it mixed with local signs, and the language that we know today like ASD.
So, it has a story about 200 years.
I was born sound -- and taught me to believe that sound wasn't a part of my life.
And I believed it was true.
However, I realize that it's not true at all.
Sound is a very important part of my life, really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a sound of sound, it's like I lived in an foreign country, following their rules and behaviors and norms without questioning them.
So how do you understand sound that was?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my alternatives and they amplify sound.
Learning and copy that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds, and I've seen how people respond to it.
So I learned, for example.
"Don't break the door."
"Don't do a lot of noise when you eat your flag of "frame of friendship."
"Don't grow, and when you're eating, I don't want to throw the cover on the plate."
This is what I call sound "Tent."
Maybe I think of the sound tag more than the average person does.
I am super super-severe of sound.
And I'm always waiting with negative sound, which is to come next.
From there, this drawing.
TBP: To decide.
TBP: I would go on.
TBP: It's going to be advanced.
You can see the painting doesn't have notes on the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sounds through the subtle borders and stores.
In the sunshetic culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the signal for "Pantanantic in AIDS.
A typical score has five lines.
However, for me, do the self with my thumb that doesn't feel natural.
That's why I just have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic resident there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painter.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries -- and as I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend and that was called the attention.
There was no visual art, everything was auditorium.
Now the sound has entered my art territory now.
Is it going to distance me more than art?
I realized it doesn't have to be like that.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't only experience through ears.
I can feel it tactile or experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the property property and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And everything that had taught me about sound, I decided to leave it and get it.
I started creating a new body of work.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention I got.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control, social currency.
In the bottom of my mind, I always felt that the sound was a sand, it was something from a listener.
And the sound is so powerful that well I could get rid of me and my artistic job, or I could be able to get better.
I chose to be entertained.
There's a massive culture around the spoken language.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me equally and become my voice.
And so I am able to be relevant in today's society.
So in school, in work and institutions, I work with many different interpretations of ASD.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when you asked your voices, I'm able to maintain a temporary form of value something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I didn't continue to continue this practice, I feel that I could wake up in the forgotten and not have any social value.
So with sound as my new artistic medium, deep in the music world.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and ASD.
For example, a musical note can't capture and express fully on paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept in ASD.
The two are very spaces and highly modernisted what it means that subtle changes can affect all the meaning as much as the signals like sound.
I'd like to share you a metaphor of the piano, so that you understand better how the Asian works.
So, imagine a piano.
ASD is divided in many different agricultural parameters.
If you assign a different park for each finger while the piano is played, like facial expression, the movement of the body, the speed, the shape of your hand and so on, as you touch the piano, the English is a linear language, as if you put it just a keyboard at the same time.
However, the ASD is more like a right, you need the 10 fingers in a situation to express a clear or an idea in ASD.
If only one keyboard will change the river, it creates a completely different meaning.
The same thing happens with music in terms of tone and the volume and volume.
In ASD, when we use these different grammar parameters, you can express different ideas.
For example, the signal "reserve on it."
This is the sign "field in that."
I'm looking at you.
Look at it.
Oh, they caught me.
Uncle Oh.
What are you looking at?
Ah, pretty."
So I started thinking, and if I see the VC through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeated it over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of day, the sun comes out and gets paid.
This is all day."
If you repeat it and reduce the speed, you visually look like a musical piece.
All day.
I feel like the same thing can be said at night.
"All night.
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about about three different types of nights, "The night, "The night --  "All night.
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in ASD and how the distance to the body can express changes in time.
For example, one hero. It's a hand, two heroes, it's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is in the back.
So the first example is a long time ago.
Then, "Paulo-dollar -- "The United States and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at the same time, "There was once time."
Common "man is a musical term with a specific pace of four times for bombs.
However, when I see the word "many common time, I think automatically in the same time."
Look at MIT: hand right hand.
We have the glue through the head and the chest.
(Audience: MB: Medited, spinal stripe."
Can you do it with me?
All with the hands at the top.
Now we're going to do it as much in the head as the chest, something like a common time."
Yeah, pretty good.
It means "For the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs around the world.
The second one I'd like to show you is this one. Please do it again.
And now this.
It means "collapse" in AIDS.
Now, the third one. Please get me again.
And again.
It's "climate in AIDS.
Let's do the three together.
"Look, collaborative and "climate."
Good work all.
Notice how the three signs are very similar. They all happen in the head and the chest, but they make meaning very different.
It's amazing to see how the VC is alive and prosperous, just like music.
However, today, we live in a very authoritarian world.
And just because the VC has no sounds, automatically it doesn't have social value.
We have to start to question what the social value defines and allow AIDS to develop their own value, without sounds.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf, to learn ASD, and you don't have to hear to learn music.
ATS is a rich, and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience from our visual language.
And you never know, you can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Denner Kamlahua: Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents would say, "You can put it all, but then you have to clean it up.
freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in an innocent bubble or a bubble of ignorance I have to say, because adults lied us to protect us from the horrible truth.
When I get older, I learned that adults also establish and they're not very good at cleaning the others.
The time I spent now am an adult and taught citizen and invention at the Hong Kong.
You don't have to wait for my students to walk through the beach with a lot of garbage mountains.
So as good citizens, we cleaned the beach, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it is, I don't give it.
It's sad to say, but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's a specialized thing.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big buses and networks, to collect those plastic chunks to study it under the microscope, and we classify them and we collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive, and it's also very risky to use those huge boat.
So along with my students, six to 15 years old, we dream to invent a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We started building this task of work with alternative height, so that children very low can also participate.
And I'll tell you, the kids who manipulate electrical tools feel cool and secure.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to the plastic.
We collect the plastic and we reduce it to the size that we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragment.
That's what we do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them into something that we hope that works.
We decided that instead of collecting plastic chunks -- we just collect information.
By using a robot, we take a picture of this plastic -- children are excited about robots.
Then we quickly created what we call a prototype.
We are so fast in the creation of prototypes that we end before lunch.
And we transform lines and web cameras in access and we assemble it in a floating robot that will move slowly through the water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see the plastic chunks floating slowly through the sensor while the onboard computer process to process this image and measure the size of each particle to get an estimate about the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this step-by-step invention on a website for inventors called "The "Trains," with the hope that somebody is even more even more than it.
The great thing about this project is that the students saw a local problem, and I went together, they're trying to fix it immediately.
"I will investigate my local problem, but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed.
You see the news, they take the Internet, and they take this picture.
A child, maybe less than 10 years, by cleaning a oil spill, just using hands, in Sudan, the world's largest mangrove forest in Bangladesh.
They stayed very surprised because this is the water that you drink, it's the water that they break, the water where they fish, the place where they live.
You can also see that the water is brown and the mud and the oil also are a brown color and when everything gets mixed up, it's very difficult to see what's in the water.
But there's a simple technology called spectroscopy, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a first prototype of a spectrum that can be advanced through all kinds of substances that produce different spectrum spectrums, which can help identify what's in the water.
We had this prototype with a sensor and we sent it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or analyzing a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children.
I was forced to investigate a distant problem: I was forced to make a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little further away, maybe I'll address a more difficult problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and per French and maybe remember, in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they set up several giant waves, called tsunami, and those tsunami technologies destroyed several cities on the coast of Japan.
More than 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the nuclear energy plant from Fullers, a nuclear center near the water.
And today, according to an average of 300 tons are still leaking out of the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, the whole Pacific Ocean has commander trains for 3D Command.
If we go to the West coast, we can measure Furban radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it has safe way, it's blue.
Well, reality is a little more complicated than that.
I've come back to Fulloid every year from the accident and research in a way with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to take kids to the kids.
Of course we didn't take them, the parents didn't allow them.
But every night we inform the control center, here you see the use of different masks here.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did that because they're going to have to live with the radio rationality.
Together with them we discussed the data that day and we talked about what we were going to do next, the strategies, the international, etc.
And to do this, we created a radiation map of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We created the electricity map, we introduced films to represent real-time data from radiation, and we run water to simulate rain.
With this we were able to notice that the radioactive dust was filtering from the top of the mountain to the realm system and designed in the ocean.
It was an approximate station.
But based on this we organized a civil expedition -- the closest to the nuclear central to date.
We went down to 1.5 miles from nuclear cell, and with the aid of the area of the area, we were collecting sea services with a sediment of sediment as we invented and built.
Here we see a progress: we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it's been more frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve the problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became a little bit small therefore we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong, and we converted it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's at the Hong Kong center and it's a place where we can work with wood and metal and chemistry, a little bit of biology, and basically you can build almost everything there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where children in children can become reality with adult aid, and where adults can be children again.
Students: Acceleration." Accident.
Consider Harvard] ask: We asked things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help in the mobility of the advanced age population transforming their standard wheelchair in new electrical vehicles.
Plastic, oil and radiation are terrible, but the worst legacy we can leave our children are the lies.
We can't afford to protect children in the awful truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So, scientific citizens, creators conductors, we need to prepare the next generation to be concerned about the environment and people, and so that I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin clubs, two radically opposite cultures.
One is made from thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of a single silk thread of silk.
One of them is synthetic -- the other organic one.
One is important about the environment, the other one creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other one for it.
Milk angel said that when he looked at the marble in Brazil, he saw a figure that fought for being free.
The sky was only tool of Michelangelo Angele.
But living beings are not clicked.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we have all the information required by every cell to work and to replicate.
The tools also have consequences.
At least from the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by rich risks of manufacturing and mass production.
Monthly lines have dictated a world made out of parts by getting rid of the imagination of designers and architects that are trained to think about their objects as an assembly of discrete parts with different functions.
But you don't find an incompatible material in nature.
Think of the human skin, for example.
Our facial skins are thin with displays with pills.
The skin skin is more thick with little pores.
You act primarily like filter, the other mainly as a barrier, and yet it's the same skin -- there are no parts, no ambition.
It's a system that is gradually varied its functionality through the variation of electricity.
Here's a divided screen that represents my vision of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architecture to work currently between the sky and the gene, between the machine and the growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis. It shows in the two screens after me.
My work, at the simplest level, is trying to join these two visions of the world, getting away from the assembly and approaching growth.
You probably ask yourself, why now?
Why wasn't this possible 10 or even five years ago?
We live in a very special moment in history, a weird moment, where they collect four disciplines that offer designers access to the tools we never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I create.
Please know the minds and hands of my students.
We design objects, products, structures and tools through scale, in large scale, like this robotic arm with a 24-year-old mayor that some day not very far to print whole buildings, and graphics to bread from genetically modified microRNAs that shine in the dark.
Here we have reinvented the cell, a archetype of the ancient Arab architecture, and has created a screen where every openness is a unique size to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a falling. This was for a Park fashion defense with Ireland van Herman. It's like a second skin made from a single piece, riding in the contents, flexible around the waist.
Together with the 3D printing collaborator, we printed this layer and 3D fast with no matter between the cells. I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combines rigid materials and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microscopes.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a CERN scanner.
That designers have access to this high resolution, and the synthetic instruments, allow to design products that are adapted not just the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at the same time -- comfortable and also absorbing sound.
Professor Carter -- my collaborator -- we went back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this irregular surface pattern, it becomes supposedly.
We print this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in rich, choice and color, corresponds to the points of pressure in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, is facing its functionality not through the addiction of another material or another assembly -- but by virtue continuously and deliberately the material property.
But is that the ideal nature?
There are no parts in nature?
I didn't believe in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories from the Bible Berlin, and one of them was left and came to define a lot of what I care about.
Like she says, "In the third day of Crabbin, God sent to Earth to grow a fruit struggle crafted to fruit."
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between trip, radio, leaves and fruit.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land did grow trees with branches and cortex, workshops and flowers.
The land created a world made from parts.
I often wonder, "What would be the design if the objects were made from one piece of piece?
Will we come back to a better state of creation?
So we look for the biblical material, the kind of material of the fruit tree with fruit, and we find it.
The second most abundant biologist on the planet is called the quality, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crabs, codes and butterflies each year.
We thought that if we could synthesize their properties, we could generate multi-touch structures in a single piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it legal marathon.  We asked a lot of chest chests to shrimp, we moved them and we produced spinal store.
Looking at chemical choices, we've been able to achieve a wide range of properties, from dark, hard and office, to light and support.
In order to print the large-scale structures and built a system with multiple submarks of controlled controversial control.
The robot could vary the properties of material on the march and create these structures made from one material 3,000 feet long, 100 percent recycled.
When the pieces are ready, they let them dry to find a natural form of the contact with the air.
So why do we continue to design with plastic?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process was used to contain physical microorganisms, which appeared for the first time on the planet 3.5 billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we built the bacteria genetically designed to capture rapidly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without the problems of voice to mark, and if you add even more, the window.
A fruit of fruit charged from fruit from fruit.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp charity in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part: for designers designed to biosexual, put them in the sea, will feed the marine life, and put on the ground, will help grow a tree.
The adjust for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We look for the possibility of creating clothes to keep life for international travel.
To do that, we need to master bacteria and control their flow.
So as a periodic table -- we made our own element of elements," new forms of life created computers, manufacture and biological form.
I like to think of synthetic biology like liquid accident, only instead of being able to transmit beautiful metals -- they synthesize new biological functionality within very small channels.
This field is called microscopic.
We print our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothes, two microorganisms.
The first is cyber.
It lives in our oceans and the stairs of fresh water.
And the second one, E. collapse, the bacteria that has been in the human intestine.
One becomes sugar, the other sugar consumption and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microscopies don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship on a piece of clothes.
Think about it as evolution, not by natural selection, but for design.
To keep these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract -- that will help them flow these bacteria and they get their function on the road.
So we started to grow those channels in the human body, by looking at the properties of the material according to the functionality.
If we wanted more photographers, we were designing more transparent channels.
This pure digestive system, when you stretch from one end to the other, 60 meters.
This is half of the length of a soccer field, and 10 times more than our thin intestine in it.
And here it is, as a principle at TED, our first portable philosopher, bright liquid channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Sheller said, "We're carefully hand-profit creatures, only half is done."
What if design would provide the other half.
What if we could create structures that increase living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, would repair the damaged tissue and sustain our bodies.
Think about this as a way of editing biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
You also know that nature doesn't do that.
It grows up. It adds up with society.
This business car, for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home inside which you metaphor.
The non-structure manufacturing is about this level of society.
It does it by combining not two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations in different concentrations do.
An act like structure, the other one is the glue or the matrix, bringing those fibers together.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm first is created in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then starts to display a box of compression.
Tension and compassion, the two forces of life, manifest in a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process works, we glue a small magnet to the head of a silk worm to the hydron.
We put it into a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm of silk.
However, by putting silk worm on a flat park, not inside a box, we realized that I would blow a flat card and still metaphor saving.
So we started designing different environments, different addicts, and we've discovered that the shape -- composition -- the structure of the capture, is transmitted directly by the environment.
They often send the silk worms to death within their caps, their silk gets rid of and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these plants we could shape the crude silk without boiling a single box.
They would be metabolized basically, and we could create these things.
So we climb this process to the architectural scale.
We had a hot robot making silk plants, and we put in our site.
We knew that silk silk worms towards more dark and cold areas -- so we used a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we create holes or open holes to block the rays of light and heat, distributing silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to get the organizers.
We asked 6,000 silk worms to a silk silk farm.
And after you feed them four weeks, they were prepared to collide with us.
We put them carefully on the bottom of the advance, and as they were being did, they were shooting, they were spreading, they put eggs, and the life starts again, like us, but much, much slower.
Buff Fuller said that tension is the great integrity, and it was right.
When you blow it biological silk on the side of the rolling silk, you give all this pavilion your integrity.
And in a little more than two or three weeks, 6,000 silk worms are holding 6,000 kilometers.
In a curious symmetry, this is also the length of the silk route.
The poles, after the click, they produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could use for 250 extra posts in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk thread through a robotic arm, the other empty.
If the last frontier of design is to give products to products and buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers have to bring together these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
So here is a new era of design, a new age of creation, which brings us from an inspired design in nature to an inspired nature in design, which demands from us, for the first time, that we get charge of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Hands up your hand if you've ever asked, "What do you want to be a big?"
If you had to remember how old you had when you first asked this?
You can show them with the fingers.
Three. Five. Three. Five. Five.
Now, raise your hand if you say, "What do you want to be a big?"
It caused them some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question, "What do you want to be a more more than it?
The problem wasn't that I had no interest, but I had too much.
In school, I liked English and matrix and art and I developed websites, and I was playing the guitar in a surgical gang called Telel Frustrate.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And generally I like to test and persist anyway, and have spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time, this feeling of boring, this feeling of this, this is no longer a challenge, comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I get interested in another thing, something completely different, and I get up on it, and I'm going to be able to absorb and feel "Yes." I've found my mine," and then again this point where I start to be boring.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to focus on that.
This pattern made me a lot of anxiety for two reasons.
The first was because I wasn't sure how I was going to turn all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, deny all of my other passions and refuse to be bored.
Another reason that I became so anxious was a little bit more personal.
I was worried that there was something wrong with this, and something wrong with me not to define for anything.
I was worried about compromise or whether I was going to be a designer, or to be a designer, or to be a support or my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I would like to ask you something that I'd like to try and then.
Ask themselves where they learned to assign the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things.
I will tell you where they learned it, they learned from culture.
We ask ourselves, "What do you want to be a more more than it?
When we have about five years.
And the truth is that nobody cares what you answer that age.
It's considered a naive question to produce cute answers in children like, "Be astronaut: or "I want to be a dancer or "I want to be a picture."
insert the Harvard display here.
This question is done over and over again as we grow from various forms -- per little bit of high school students are asked that they're going to choose at college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be more?
It happens to be the cute exercise before what the dream takes to us.
Why?
While this question inspired children to dream with what they might be, they didn't inspire to dream with everything they could be.
In fact, it does just the opposite, because when somebody asks you what you want to be, you can't respond with 20 different things, even though you are well interested in you and say, "Oh, what a nice, but you can't be a virtual and psychological artist.
You have to choose."
This is Dr. Bob Chiles -- and he is a virtual and psychological artist.
And this Amy Ninet, who was a magazine that was converted into illustration, business, professor and creative director.
But most children don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is they're going to have to choose.
But it's more than that.
The notion of central life is very identified in our culture.
It's this idea of fate, or the real vocalization, the idea that each of us has something to spend for their time in this land, and you have to figure out what that thing and dedicate your life to it.
But if you're someone who's not connected in this way?
What if there are many different issues that are going to wake up their curiosity and many different things that you want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that it doesn't have a goal.
And feel that there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong with you.
You're a multiply.
A multiverse is somebody with many interests and creative activities.
It's a mouth by how to say.
It could help if you divide in three parts -- multiple and potential and harmful.
You can also use other terms that contain the same idea, as a framework, resilience.
During the time of Renaissance the ideal was who was well sold in multiple disciplines.
Barbara Shery refers to us as "constructions."
They use any term they like or invent one of them.
It seems like a kind of advance to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see the multiplicity as a limitation or application that you should win.
But what I've learned with talking to people and writing about these ideas in my website, is that there are huge forces in this way.
Here are three multi-produced musical.
One: ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new in the intersection.
Sheep Hungarian and Rachel Binang expressed their shared interests in carbon, visualization of data, travel, mathematics and design, by founding MRI.
Mahamberg is a company that creates geographical inspired jewels.
She and Rachel came up with this unique idea for his click mix of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in the intersections.
That's where new ideas.
And the musicians, with all their background, can access a lot of these points of intersection at all.
The second supernova superpower is fast learning.
When the musicians are interested in something, we go to it.
We see everything we can have in our hands.
We're used to be principles, because it has been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less fear of testing things and coming out of our comfort zones.
A lot of skills are transparent to other disciplines, and we bring everything that we've learned to every new area that we pursue -- so we rarely start from zero.
Norden Dune is a full-time and writing journey.
As a little girl pictures an amazing capacity to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest metabolic metaphor.
Before becoming a writer, Norden was financial planning.
He had to learn the most final sales mechanics when he started his practices, and this ability helps to write compelling launches for the publishers of educations.
It rarely is a waste of time going to what you get to you, even if you finally abandon it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you could not have anticipated.
The third superpower is adaptability. I mean, the ability to transform into anything you need in a given situation.
Abed Collabora is sometimes director of videos, other people, website designer in City, sometimes set up, and sometimes apparently, James Bond.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because he can take different roles -- depending on the needs of his clients.
Failure Company defines adaptability as the most important skill for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so rapidly and impressives that are the individuals and organizations that can fight to satisfy the needs of the market, which really will thrive to you.
The ideas of ideas, rapid learning and adulthood, three skills where the musicians are very underlying, and three skills that you could lose if they're ready to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest to foster the musicians to be themselves.
We have complex problems right now, and we need non-violent creative thinkers to deal with them.
Let's say they are, in their heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing because they wanted to be private neurosurgeons.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong with you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are made of a specialists and a multi-produced multiplication.
The specialists can dive deep and put in practice in practice, and the multiverse offers an album of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that are available with the way we're connected.
And unfortunately, the mathematicians in large part are encouraged to just be more like their specialized partners.
I once said that, if there's one thing you take from this talk, I hope it is this: Reconsider with the internal charge, whatever it is.
If you are a heart specialist, then special for all media.
That's where you will give the best of it.
But for the musicians in the room, including those who just realized to be one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I tell you, reconstructed with their many passions.
They follow their curiosity for those rabbit marriages.
Just explore the intersections.
Or embracing our inner wiring leads to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most importantly, multiple, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In 1912, a woman named Australia took it to a psychiatric in Frank.
Audience would go out and couldn't remember even the most basic details of their life.
His doctor was called Alaska.
Alanaxia didn't know how to help Australia, but I was flying through it, until unfortunately, it was in 1906.
After his death, Alberts did an automobile and they found strange and obvious dishes in the Brothers brain, a guy who had never seen before.
What's even more surprising.
If Australia had been alive today, we couldn't give it more help than the one that Alexander gave it 112 years ago.
Alabama was Dr. Alexander Alzheimer's.
And Australia stop, the first patient to receive a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 1912, medicine has advanced a lot.
antibiotics have been discovered and vaccines to protect us from the infections, many treatments for cancer, antiretroviral anti-designers for the hearts and much more.
But a little bit has been protected in the Alzheimer's.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's for more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million of you, by the way, including many of you.
If you expect to live until the age of 85 or more, the possibility of Alzheimer's going to be almost one in two.
In other words, there is a chance that they spend their golden years with Alzheimer's or helping to take care of a friend or be loved with Alzheimer's.
In America, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical assistance is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Today it's the most expensive disease, and its costs prevent a five times in the year 2050, as the baby generation is older.
It may surprise you, but Alzheimer's one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the top 10 causes of death all over the world, Alzheimer's the only one can't prevent -- cure or even fix its development.
We understand less than Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer's despite the fact that it costs us more than Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what few people know about, but everybody should say, "Lock is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 114 years, all of the scientists, you know, the scientists, confused Alzheimer's with aging.
We think it will be sentence in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But there's only one picture of a healthy aging brain in comparison with a patient from Alzheimer's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to despite a severe loss of memory and mental skills, damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer's reduced significantly the hope of life and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plates and weird horses in the Audience brain a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know much about this.
Today we know that they're made from molecules of protein.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds as an origami.
There are places on paper that are permission.
And when it folds right, these sticky dots end up inside the inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots are left on the outside.
This makes the protein molecules pay each other, forming groups that can form great plates and clothing.
That's what we see in the patient's brain with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There's a lot of steps, and the identification of what step to block is complex, how to trigger a bomb.
Correct could do anything.
Correct others can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocked it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of you have reduced the cables and expected the best.
But now there is a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, geneticist, chemists and engineers and math.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process. Now you're testing a new kind of drugs that block specifically this step to stop the disease.
Let me show you some of our last results.
No one outside our lab has seen it yet.
So let's look at a few videos of what happened when they test these drugs in worms of them.
These are the healthy worms -- and you can see that they move normally.
These worms on the other hand, on the other hand, have protein molecules that are fighting each other within them, as in humans with Alzheimer's.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at a early stage, then we see that they healthy and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial result, but research like this shows that Alzheimer's a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 112 years of waiting -- there's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But in order to grow that hope to get Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to realize that Alzheimer's a disease, and that if we try it, we can turn it out.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have increased more research and exert pressure on governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislations.
That was essential to move on the HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to sell cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk to themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims of their loved ones day and night, are often too desperate to go out and advocate for change.
So it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's not, in most cases a genetic disease.
Everyone with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Australia, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help them talk about them, and they help demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article in the New York Times column in January this year.
To love someone, I do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and from my own experience by testing myself one night last summer.
So the procedure is quite simple: two strangers are used to make 36 more and more personal questions, and then they both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of examples of example.
Number 12, if you could wake tomorrow with a quality or quality, what would it be?
Number 28, when was the last time you cried to another person?
And alone?
As you move forward, these are increasingly personal.
Number 30, this really likes -- Tell your partner what you love from him or her, I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to someone you've ever known.
When I stumbled with this study a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention, the joke that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony.
So, it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but I was also intrigued as well.
And when I had the time to test this study, with someone who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to fall in.
However, we fell in, and I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the Common Monume column a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's an August, so I guess some of you probably are wondering: follow together still yet.
And the reason I think is this is because I've been doing this question over and over again in the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the article was published, it was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book over the last few years, so I had been forced to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog input can get to a few hundred views as a lot, and those were usually just from my friends of Facebook and imagined that my article in the New York Times would be probably a few thousand views.
And that has a good charge of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as it said, I had no idea.
The article posted a Friday at night, and already the Saturday, this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And the Sunday. I had been called the Tom Show and the Good Monitor America.
In a month, the article received over eight million visit, and I was, by saying something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust writing with similarity about other loving experiences, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news -- and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every day for weeks, they were always asking the same question: They still follow together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search at the mailbox of my email with the phrase, "Are they still following together?
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were students and journalists and strangers like this.
I was interviewed in the radio and asked it.
I even gave a talk, and a woman fought up to the stage, "Hey Mandela where your note is?
And immediately I got red.
I understand this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the answer of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have gotten life itself.
In fact, the New York Times published a complicated article for San Valley, who included the experiences of readers by testing the study in them with different degrees of success.
So, my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we both make a public emergence together.
They were recruiting television interviews, and red the pictures of pictures of us two.
I think I was afraid to turn into the internal icon of the love process, a range that I didn't feel absolutely called up.
And I understand that people didn't want to know only if the study worked, they wanted to know whether it was really able to work -- or whether it was capable of producing preventive love, not only an adventure but love, love love.
But this was a question that I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship had just a few months, and I felt, especially people asked the wrong question.
How do you know if you're going to go together or not, and also tell you to tell it?
If the answer was not, I would do the experience of making these 36 less interesting questions?
Dr. Arthur Arm wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there, the research goal was not producing romantic love.
Instead of that, I was looking for to foster international approach between college students, using what Aaron called Southern Approach sustainable, progressive and record.
Sounds romantic, right?
But the study did work.
The participants felt closer to doing it. Several studies later used the Francisco Prime Project, as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between members of police and community, and they've used it between people of opposite political ideology.
The original version of the story, which I tried last summer, which combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk at a small university of liberal art, and then a student came to me and said to me, "I tried the study and didn't work.
He seemed distorted by it.
And I said, "Do you mean that you love the person who did it?
Well, he did a pain.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I said, "But did they become better friends?
Did you feel that I did better know about testing the study?
The aspiration.
So, it worked, I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled with the study for the first time when I was 29 and I was going through a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I had 20, which was pretty much my entire adult life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or could I live without him.
So I flew into science.
I looked at everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that that could sort of vaccinate the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment, I thought I just research for the book I wrote but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought if I was armed with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad and only as I sat then.
And all of this knowledge has been useful in one way or another.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more relaxed.
I have more confidence to demand what I do.
But I can also see it more clearly and I can realize that what I look for is sometimes more than what they reasonably can demand me to me.
What I look for of love is a guarantee -- not just being loved today and being loved tomorrow, but to keep being loved by the person I love.
It may be the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know whether we were still together.
The story that the media told about 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to fall in.
There may be a shape for some way to mitigate some of the implicit risk, and this is a very attractive story, because it makes us feel beautifully, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that I question: still follow together?
And his content with a response of Yes or not.
So more than a question, I would propose that we ask more difficult questions, questions like, how do you decide who deserves your love and who doesn't?
How do you stay in love when things are complicated, and how to know when to cut and distribute?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably makes a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your partner?
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love somebody.
So if you want the short version of the story of my relationship, it's this -- a year ago, a known year and I applied a study designed to create romantic love, we love, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But love is not the same thing as staying in love.
So love is the easy part.
So at the end of my paper I wrote, "Love didn't happen.
We stay in love because we took the choice to be.
And I set up a little bit when I read it now, not because it wasn't true, but because at the time, I hadn't considered everything that was supposed to be that choice.
I don't think how many times we would have both to make that decision, and how many times I will keep doing that choice without knowing before he always elected me or not.
I want you to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, have chosen to love someone so generous and kind, and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest newspaper in the United States.
But what I've done, instead, is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth that I don't think true.
And what I look for, and what maybe spend my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the happy ending to the title of my article, which is, by the way, the only part of the article that I actually didn't write.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose someone, and the hope that he will also love me, and it's frightening, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by some little little little little little little long-term legislations, and in a way I came like a forest gentleman.
I mean, something that really affected me but more detail ahead of it.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
He took a wooden box, and he buried a dolphin of a dollar, a pen and a fork in her somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humans or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example, how we eat the spirits.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has thanks because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At a moment I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from excitement and suggest and all those weird things, and I was making a colleague for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I added all the pages and I made a kind of classified called to the Agnes Martin, the resident covered and a bee was caught up.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees, and it's allergic to them, so I add more resist in the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: somehow it seemed to be a size, as if you were to look at the text with a magnifying machine.
So I did? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs -- strange bottles that I was finding on the street, everything I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate them and tell stories about these objects.
So I got drawing around the objects, and I realized that God I can draw in space.
I can flow trained, drawing the same as it gets around a cafe in the scene of crime.
And I took my own objects and created my own taxi of invented specific.
First, botanical -- that you can make an idea.
Then I did some weird insects and creatures.
It was very fun to draw on the resistance layers in the resident.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was making some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, go to Shakespeare.
It was great, man.
At some point I get interested in the human form, natural size sculptures with drawings of human beings inside the layers.
It was great, except for one thing, mouth me.
I didn't know what to do, because the answer was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing on the glass layers, similar to drawing on a window, then in another window, and another window, and I had all these windows together that formed a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the resident.
So I did this for years, and my work covered with something very big, which I call terrorist."
For the trick the tricky: I was very inspired in "The Garden of Delocastoric Hypers Boy who is a painting at the Museum of the Prize in Spain.
Do you know it?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of your time.
Well, the triplet-to-charge. I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
Five feet long.
It's twice as much face, so it's 10 feet of composition.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, there's Jesus and the longevites.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds.
They go from the representation world, to this analog market where they hide.
This is where creatures with animal heads are headed to the face, ready to suicide in the ocean in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a bird god strapped to a charge.
Billy Graham is in the sea. The Horizon -- the personal platform of the depressed -- Wall, the Osama Bin Laden. There are all sorts of rare things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, a kind of a guy.
It's coming out of the ocean, and I spit oil in one hand while in the other hand you get clouds.
Their hands are like balances, and it seems to be a mythological being that keeps Earth and cosmos in balance.
So it's an aspect of the trick.
It's a little narrative a bit.
That's the hand that I show in.
And then, when you go on the other side, you have a shopping, like a bird, and you spit clouds out of this shop.
It also has a $100 tail that binds the trick.
Anyway, his tail makes fire by putting on a volcano.
I don't know why that happened.
Things that go, you know.
His tail ends up in a global ocean of collaboration made from terrorist cards.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were terrorists of the terrorists.
Very attached to their time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in two projects -- one is called "Pictures."
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is a archive of our culture, through media and materials are income, dictionaries or magazine.
But each act as a kind of archive in a way of being human, and travel in groups of 20, four or 12.
They're like cells, they together, they divide them.
And you can walk between them. It's taking me years.
Each one is basically a microscope portrait that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped inside.
This has a little cave on the chest.
That's the head -- it's the chest, you can get the entrance in.
I'm going to take you for the rest of the body, there's a waterfall coming out of the chest, and it covers the penis or not the neighbor, or whatever you have, a kind of analog thing.
It's a quick quick of these works because I can't explain them for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a dead body in half.
This has two heads, and it's communicating between the two.
There's a few pills coming out and go into the head of this strange stage.
There is a little forest scene within the toxic cavity there.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes that we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box. It's called Pennspercy World.
Within this box there is a physicist -- a neuroscientist, a painter, a painting, a writer, a radio, a radio emissions, a museum, a school, an editorial arm that spread all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We measure the box and all the people from the inside of me with others like particles.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you redefined who you were living in.
And together we come to realize that we are all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of the borders, of the borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and in the same box.
And if we don't start exchanging those things with sweetness and we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when your head?
Take an aspiration.
But so that this pill has effect against pain, first passes through the stomach, the gut and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective system and income it so that any drug lasts effect in the body.
The destruction, though, is that by doing it any medication is divided.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When they take antiretroviral drugs, they serve to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the CD: CDS cells.
But they are also known for their adverse side effects, mostly negative. Because in the time they take to get to the blood stream, they dilute and worse, even the time they take to get to their destination, which is where it's most important, in the HIV warehouse.
These are the regions of the body like the lymph galleries, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is intact, and it doesn't easily enter the blood of patients that are committed to regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the great problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that are a treatment of life driven by oral life.
One day, I sat and I thought, "Could we get the treatment directly to the virus, without the risk of diagnosis of drugs?
As a scientific scientist, the answer was in front of me, the lasers of course.
If you use in option, for the care of wounds and the surgery of diabetes, you can use it for anything you can imagine, including the extracellular transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes, which open and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
At best, you wonder, "How is that possible?
We sent a little, powerful laser ray on the cell membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser goes through the cell, whereas the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microscopes.
Before you even notice, the hole is immediately represented.
We're currently testing this technology in vitro or Peter plates, but the goal is to take this technology into the human body, applying it to the human body.
"What is that possible? You can ask.
Well, the answer is: through a three-dimensional device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we will make an incentive in the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, is headed to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an indicator that distributes the drug, releases it directly in the site of infection, whereas the laser is used again to keep the cells open.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of time.
But one day, if you succeed, this technology can lead to the total eradication of HIV of the body.
Yeah. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of every HIV researcher, in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've been studying non-lethal arms groups, armed organizations like terrorists, insurgents or military.
document what these groups do when they're not shooting up.
My goal is to understand better than these generations of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation, nonviolent connection.
I do field work, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solve almost every conflict in course, because war has changed.
It used to be a story between states.
Not anymore.
Now it's a conflict between states and non-violent actors.
For example, from 210 signed peace agreement between 1975 and 2011, 1960 was signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups, we should even engage them or break them into any successful conflict process.
But how do you do that?
We need to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons that they fight, how they do, but no one analyzes what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and the political policies are relatively.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less to deliver them, without a global vision.
The armed groups of today are complex organizations.
For example, the Library Laber, known for his violent face against Israel.
From their creation in the 1980s, Hebrican has also established a political party -- a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, the Palestinian Hanson, known for their suicide attacks against Israel, also runs the Gaza Age since 2007.
So these groups do more than just shooting up.
They're multinational.
They set up a complex communication machine, radio stations, TV websites, Internet websites and strategies in social networks.
And here you have the AIDS magazine, printed in English and published to reconstruct.
armed groups also invest in a complex fundraising of funds without seals, but by remarkable businesses, for example, construction companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
Armanistal groups also do something else, create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they manage hospitals, they put on professional training programs or metaphorical training.
Helia offers all these services and more.
Arm groups also try to conquer the population by offering something that the state doesn't give -- security and protection.
The rise of the Taliban in an Afghanistan developed by war or even the beginning of the killer of ISIS can also understand the efforts of these groups for delivering security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, election victory of 2006 in the Palestinian Hamas can't understand without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex stage, even in the West, when we look at armed groups, we just think of the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are hybrid.
They grow because they fill down the government, and they emerge as armed groups and political groups, participate in violent struggle and governance.
And the more complex and sophisticated these organizations, the less we can catalog them as something else to a state.
How do you call a group like Hebrence?
They move part of a territory -- they manage all their function, they pick up the garbage system, they manage the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a rebellion group?
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what is IPO: What is IPO: What is IPO:
The lines are drawn.
We live in a world of state and nations without state and hybrid and the more weak the states are, the more they intervene and they fill that gap.
This is important for governments, because to counter these groups they will have to invest more in military tools.
To fill that governance vacuum has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important to establish and comfort peace.
If we understand the armed groups, we understand better what incentives to offer to encourage the transition of violence to not violence.
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battles, but it will not give us peace and stability.
To achieve these targets we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum to fill that vaccine of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are very sensitive, but I'm afraid to accept the family tag would be unfair.
I'm a feminist but pretty bad.
And therefore I was a bad feminist of me.
Or, at least I wrote an article and a book called "The bad Ferman" and then in interviews, people started calling me the Ballow Feminism.
So what started as a personal joke destined to myself and a deliberate provider, has become a bigger thing.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth, and at the age of 20, I had strange ideas about feminist, these furry women, angry with men and who hated sex -- as if that was something bad.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, seems like a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people when I was going to be able to be a feminist.
Being tagged as a feminist was a care, a taboo and unpleasant word.
They label me as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, which is a lot of anti-conflict, and he dare to believe that it's the same or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman, until you realize that it's actually that woman and you can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I started accepting that I am, in fact, feminist and also, proud to be.
For me, certain claims are shocking: women are equal to men.
We deserve the same paycheck for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, accelerating or violence.
We have right to use easily and accessible the antibiotics and the reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, no need of legislative control or decentralized doctors.
We have the right to respect the respect.
There's more.
When you talk about women's needs, you have to have your other identities in account.
We're not just women.
We're people with a different body, gender expression and religion and sexuality condition, social condition, skills and much more.
We need to have these differences and how they affect us, the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion -- our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are obvious, but to be clear: I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist of things.
I have another confession here.
When I drive the job, I hear rap music standing to all volume.
Although the letter degraded to women and desperately desperately desperately the classic "Shake Shakespeare of the Bin Man Therapets is amazing.
Make it reality with your wet camera.
Pearl, day, move until you hurt you."
Think about it.
Pure poetry, right?
I'm completely mortality for my musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all that I don't want to do, including --  all the domestic tasks, but also killing insects, the care confident and the nest maintenance store.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
He enjoyed fashion magazines and the nice things.
I can see "The Bacto-D" and the romantic comedy. And I have absurd fantasy of the fairy fairy stories that get true.
Some of my delays are more described.
If a woman wants to adopt his husband, it's his election, and I'm not who to judge it.
If a woman decides to stay home to raise his children, accept that choice as well.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same election, the problem is that our society is made in a way that makes women economically vulnerable when they choose to choose them.
Let's solve this problem.
The conventional feminism has ignored or densely densely densities the needs of color women, workers and gay and trans -- in favor of white women, heterosexual and middle-class women.
Listen, if that's good feminist I am a very bad feminist feminist family.
It also happens this: as a feminist -- I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put in front of a penguin.
We hope that they're going to take the perfect down.
When you get rid of us, we will pull them back very much from the same puzzle where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster, I already think of that journalist before they try to put me there.
Too many women, particularly innovators and sector, are afraid of being tagged as female families.
They're afraid to stand up and say, "Yes, I'm a feminist for fear of what that sticker means to fear not to be able to meet the little realistic expectations.
Let's take Beck, or like I call it, the God.
In the last few years it's a declined feminist female.
In the Vienna Music Adams of 2014, at MIT, I act in front of the word "found by three feet tall.
It was a magnificent show, to see this star of the pop open openly the feminist and make women know and young men who will be female is something to be proud of.
Last time, cultural critics started about an endless debate if Bell was or not very female.
They catched their feminism instead of simply believing the word of a adult and mature woman.
We demand the perception of the families, because we're still struggling for a lot, we want a lot, we need so much continuously so much.
We go far beyond the sensible and constructive criticism to design the feminist of any woman, destroying it until it doesn't have anything.
We don't need to do that.
Bad feminism or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the point of part.
But what happens next?
We have gone from recognizing our identities to realize, move to action and be a little bit more valuable.
If I hear deceptive music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy providing an unlimited supply.
These artists are not going to change their way to talk about women in their songs until we get the change effectively affecting their profits.
It certainly is hard.
Why does it have its music to be so pressing."
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worst choice.
But when bad decisions are justify that makes it harder for women to achieve equality, equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my nieces of three and four years.
These are two magnificent girls, decided and bright and also very brave -- I want you to grow in a world.
They are appreciated by the strong creatures that they are.
I think of them, all of a sudden, the best choice is visible as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program deals with sexual violence against women as sports -- the game of Trosphern.
We can change radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go online in another part when movies don't treat women more than the decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their classmates like box shoes.
In any case, men especially white men, heterosexual men can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in his magazine, participate in his project, or work with you, until I don't include enough women to participate to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your advertising, or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people."
Those of us who are supporting but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also need to be included until more like us are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decisions.
Since we're not members -- without these efforts, without adopting these positions, our achievements will mean very little.
We can make these little acts of courage and expect our decisions to get to the top, and people in the digital power and music producers and music, CEOs, legislations, people who can make great decisions, more courageous to create a durable and meaningful change.
We can also claim our feminism -- well, bad, or any sand of it.
The last line of my book "Ball Feminist: he says, "I want to be a bad feminist not to be at all.
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say that, especially because I was antidictionary my voice was stolen and feminism helped me record it.
There was an incident.
I call it an incident to address what happened.
A few kids gave me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
They treated me as if it was anything.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
They stole my voice, and after all, I didn't dare to believe that I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing.
And I went back to write.
I get back in a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and the women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that was nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and feminism -- I also discovered that if I was a bit brave, another woman could hear me and see me and realize that none of us is the thing that the world tries to tell us we are.
In one hand, I have power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I hold the humble reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my way to think, what I say and what I do, without abandoning everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope we can all be a little bit courageous, when you need such a value.
Just after Christmas last year, 123 children in California, they had saving for displaced Dysonie or being exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then went through the border with Canada, infected over 100 children in George.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that savings that can be fatal for a child with a devaluated immune system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There's an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century, but many of the children involved in the Disney outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something surprisingly worse, the autism.
But a moment, wasn't the article that triggers the policy on autism and disappointed vaccines, deconstructed and marked by being a fraud deliberate by the British Medical Journal British?
Do you not believe most intelligent scientists that the theory that vaccines cause autism is a specialist?
I think most of you know it, but millions of fathers around the world are still afraid that vaccines put down their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the rise of autism in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician I had heard about it created all its professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, prevalence estimates were just three or four children per 10,000 children.
But then, in the 1990s, the numbers started shooting up.
Fund organizations like Australians Spanish are often referred to autism as an epidemic -- as if I could get out of another child in Disney.
What's going on?
If you're not the vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people at the Centers of Disease Control in Atlanta, what's going on, tend to be based on phrases like extraordinary diagnostic criterias, and a better detection of cases to explain these growing numbers.
But that kind of language is not a lot of the fears of a young mother who seeks in the face of his two-year-old son, the visual contact.
If the diagnostic criteria had to expand, why were they so reduced to the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s.
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened is less than to do with slow progress and cartel of science than with the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how they discovered, but that story turned out to be fake, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact in global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us everything about how we get here and where we need to go.
The first story begins with a child psychiatrist -- Leo Kanny, from the Johns Hopkins Hospital. In 1993, Kansas published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to be able to develop private worlds -- by taking people around them, even their own parents.
They could be fun for hours by shaking their hands in their faces, but they were prey from the panic by meetings as when they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
On the basis of patients treated in their clinic -- Kanny special that autism is very rare.
In the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, declared that I had seen less than 150 real cases of his syndrome while collecting reference of places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not strange, because Kanny criteria for autism diagnosis were very restrictive.
For example, I decided to give that diagnosis to children with conversations, but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism.
He once killed that he had turned nine in 10 children sent by other doctors to his office for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kanzi was a smart man, but part of his theories weren't crazy.
It classified autism as a form of childhood psychologists caused by cold parents and desperately.
These kids, he said, have been carefully kept in a refrigerator.
At the same time, however, Danny noticed that some of their young patients had special skills that are addressing in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the children in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphony before they were two seconds.
When his mother put one of his favorite record, he certainly said, "Beether."
But Danny had a bad opinion of these skills, by adding things like children were simply doing what they had heard of their loved parents, desperate for winning their approval parameters.
As a result, autism became a source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible for the world in general.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, that researchers started testing the theory of Kanzi that autism was weird.
London Winner, cognitive psychology from London, thought that the theory of the New York New York was pretty stupid.
She and her husband John were warm and affectionate people, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susan.
Lord and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Susy without support services, without special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Health Service, they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, London and his colleague Judith Google decided to do something that should have been done 30 years before.
They did an autism prevalence study in the general population.
They painted a suburb of London called Cambridge to try to find the autistic kids in the community.
What you saw was that the Kanny's model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and different.
Some children couldn't speak at all, while others were imprisoned in their fascination for astronomer, in the dinosaurs or in the generosity of reality.
In other ways, these children didn't fit in nice, angle squares as Judy, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the monolithic model of Kanzi would have predicted.
At first, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How did no one ever be perceived from these children before?
But then London found a reference to an article published in German in 1942, the next year to the Kangillu article -- and then fly, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kanzi knew about this article of competition, but he avoided building in his own work.
There was no even a translation to English, but luckily, London was talking German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Asperger, who ran an integrated clinic with an inner school in Vienna, in the 1930s.
The ideas of Asperger for child teaching with learning differences were progressively even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with kinds of exercises with music, and children follow their games on the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism, Asperger described it as a political disability of life that required compassionate forms of support and space in the course of all life.
Instead of treating children in their clinic as patients, Asperger called them their little teachers, and he dedicated to help the development of methods of education that were especially suitable for them.
Fundamentally, Asperger saw autism as a diverse continuum that was running an amazing variety of documents and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and they've always been, watching aspects of this continuum in architects known as the awkward social scientist and the teacher distracted.
He was beyond even to say, for the success in science and art, a pool of autism is essential.
London and Judy discovered that Kanzi was wrong in which autism was inspirational, as well as the parents were causes.
Over the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association of Psychiatrian to expand the criteria of diagnosis that would reflect the diversity of what they called autonomous Space."
By the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes came into vertical, by replacing the limited model of Kanzi by a wide and even Asperger's model.
These changes didn't fit in broken shoe.
Carible, when London and Judy worked between factors to reform these critics, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before "Ray Man in 1988, only a little circle, I was looking for experts knew what autism was, but after the relentless act of Dutch Holy and the reconstruction of "Darwin Man with four members of the Academy -- penisses, psychologists, teachers and parents all around the world knew what autism.
At the same time, the first clinical evidence of using the autism.
I didn't have to have a connection with that little circle of experts to make a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of "Ray Man the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these trials created a network effect, a perfect storm of the consciousness of autism.
The number of diagnoses started to reveal, just like they predicted London and Judy -- they actually hoped that it was, getting people with autism and their families finally got the support and services that were deserved.
So Andrew Waker came to blame the vaccines for the increase in the diagnostics, a simple, powerful and seductive history as bad as Kanny theory that autism was infected.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one in 68 children in America are in the spectrum, it's right, the autism is one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have joined the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles to solve the new medical advances by taking the term neurological to celebrate the variety of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think of terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows doesn't mean it's route.
According to the autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distributed, obviously, and suffering from a deficit of attention to detail.
Indeed, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still catching Asperger's -- which creates that the cure for most invasive aspects of autism are in understanding of teachers, employees with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named South Zachea once said, "We need all the hands to cover the boat of man."
As we navigate towards an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste a brain.
Thank you.
