You know what I do is write for kids , and in fact , I 'm probably the author for children , the most read in the U.S .
And I always tell people I do n't want to seem like a scientist .
I can wear a farmer , or with leather clothing , and nobody has ever chosen a farmer .
I 'm here today to talk to you about circles and epiphanies .
And you know that a epiphany usually is something that got you somewhere .
You just have to turn on the apple to see it as a epiphany .
That 's the painting of a circle .
A friend of mine did that -- Richard <unk> .
It 's the kind of complicated circle that I 'm going to talk to you about .
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school , in <unk> , Ohio where I was the rare class of the class .
When he was beating until bleeding every week in the boys ' bathroom , until a teacher saved my life .
She saved my life as I could go into the teachers ' room .
He made it in secret .
For three years .
I had to go from the city .
He had a thumb , and 85 dollars , and I ended up in San Francisco , California -- I found a lover -- and in the 1980s , I felt the need to start working in organizations fighting the AIDS .
About three or four years ago , in the middle of the night , I got a phone call from that teacher , the <unk> lady who said , `` I need to see you .
And I 've got disillusioned that we 're never going to get to know about .
You could <unk> Ohio , and please bring that guy who you know you 've found .
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer , and I 'd like you to love you with this please . ''
Well , the next day we were in Cleveland .
We went to see , we were laughing , we cried , and we realized that she needed to be <unk> .
We found a place , the <unk> , and the <unk> , and we 've got care of her family , because necessary .
It 's something we knew how to do .
And as the woman I wanted to know myself as an adult came to me , he became a box of ash , and he was put in my hands .
And what happened was that the circle had been closed , it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I talked to you about was done in itself .
The epiphany is that death is part of life .
She saved my life , my partner and I save the self .
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life needs .
It needs truth and beauty , and I 'm very happy that I 've been talking about this .
It also needs -- it needs dignity , love and pleasure , and it 's our work to provide those things .
Thank you .
As an artist , the connection is very important for me .
Through my work , I 'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature , and everything is interconnected .
I first went to Antarctica about 10 years ago , and I saw my first <unk> .
I was amazed .
My heart can be able to be able to figure out what was in front of me .
<unk> them around my water almost 60 meters , and I could n't even think it was about a snowflake over another year after year after year .
<unk> are born when they come from the glaciers , or they break the ice barriers .
Each iceberg has its own individual personality .
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences .
Some of them refuse to give themselves up and hold up to the end , while others ca n't stand it more and become <unk> in a dramatic passion .
It 's easy to think , when you see a iceberg , that are isolated apart and alone , as we see ourselves as humans .
But the reality is the opposite .
As a iceberg melts , I 'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere .
As a eardrum is melting fresh water in minerals that feeds a lot of life forms .
I come together to photograph these <unk> as if it was the portraits of my ancestors , knowing that in these unique times , there are only that way , and they will not exist again again .
It 's not death when you melt ; it 's not an end , but one continuation of its way through the cycle of life .
Part of the ice that I 'm photographing is very young -- he has a couple of thousands of years .
And another part of the ice has over 100,000 years .
The last pictures I 'd like to show you is a iceberg I photographed in <unk> , Greenland .
It 's unlikely to actually get a rolling iceberg .
Here you have it .
You can see the left a little boat .
It 's about five meters .
And I 'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your <unk> line .
You can see here , it starts to roll , the boat has moved to the other side and the man is standing there .
This is an Greenland iceberg , average size .
It was about 120 feet or 40 meters .
This video is in real time .
And just like that , the iceberg shows a different side of his personality .
Thank you .
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979 , the same day , exactly at the same moment , every one of a <unk> . Okay .
So , two couples each one with a baby .
I do n't want you to stop them too much in the details of conception , because if you stop thinking about conception itself , you 're not going to pay attention .
Let 's think about that for a moment .
And on this scenario , I want you to imagine that , in one case , the sperm 's Y chromosome joins the X chromosome .
And in the other case , the sperm X chromosome joins the X chromosome .
They both turn on and start life .
We 'll go back to talk about them later .
In my mind , I 'll have two roles .
In one of my roles , I work with the history of anatomy .
I 'm an historian in training , and what I study in this case is the way people started the anatomy -- they say , of human bodies and <unk> , how they 've considered the body fluids , the idea of the body , what you thought about the body .
The other role I execution in my work is an activist , as I advocate for patients or , as I say sometimes , advocate for people who are medical patients .
In this case , I 've worked with people whose physical characteristics defy social norms .
I 've been working , for example , with <unk> twins , two people within one body .
I 've worked with people with <unk> -- people much lower than average .
And I 've worked with many cases of people with atypical sex , individuals whose citizen typology does n't fit into the male male and female schemes .
In general lines , we can call it <unk> .
<unk> take a lot of forms .
I 'm going to give you a few examples of ways of having sex that you do n't get in the standard male or female forms .
For example , there 's the case of the individual who 's at the base of the base of the chromosome , which is called the <unk> , which we all have in the fetal life , which become testicles .
And then in the fetal life , testicles make testosterone .
But because this individual lacks testosterone receptors , the body does n't react to the same .
It 's <unk> syndrome .
So , high levels of testosterone , but no reaction .
As a result , the body develops on a typically female course .
When the baby is born , the baby looks like a little girl .
It 's a girl . She 's raised as a girl .
And often , it 's not until puberty , when it 's growing up and developing breasts , but it does n't have the menstrual period , when someone realizes that something is going on .
And then they realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus , you actually have testicles and a chromosome .
The important thing to understand is that you can think it 's a man , but it 's actually not like that .
Women , like men , we have in the body something called <unk> glands .
They 're in the back of the body .
<unk> glands produce <unk> , the <unk> hormone .
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman ; it does n't know his <unk> structure ; I believe being a typical woman , most women as I are sensitive to <unk> .
We 're producing <unk> , and we respond to <unk> .
As a result , someone like me has the most exposed brain to <unk> that the woman who was born with testes , who has <unk> syndrome .
So sex is a complicated thing . It 's not that <unk> are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways they can be everywhere .
Another example : a few years ago , I got a call from a 19-year-old boy who was born and raised as a male , he had a girlfriend , and she had a life as a boy and he had just discovered that he had ovaries and uterus .
He had an extreme way of a disease known as <unk> <unk> <unk> .
He had the 20th chromosomes , and the <unk> glands were so active that , in essence , creating a male hormone environment .
As a result , their genitals were <unk> , their brain was exposed to the hormone component typically .
It was born as a child , and no one knew anything .
And it was at 19 , when he started to have medical problems caused by internal menstruation , when doctors found that , in fact , it was a woman in the inside .
Well , another quick example of a case of <unk> .
Some people with knowledge chromosomes develop what 's known as <unk> , which is to say , have the tissue that wrapped wrapped up in <unk> tissue .
We do n't know what that happens .
So , there are many varieties of sex .
The reason why kids have these kinds of bodies -- you know , may be <unk> , <unk> twins , or <unk> <unk> surgery , not to have a better physical health .
In many cases , people are perfectly healthy .
The reason they 're sending to various surgeries is that they are a threat to our social categories .
The system is usually based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings to <unk> a particular identity .
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity ; supposedly , being black means to have African anatomy in terms of historical terms .
Very simplistic idea .
And when you show up a body that shows something quite different , we have problems with <unk> .
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about it .
Our nation 's based on a very romantic individualism 's concept .
Imagine how amazing it is to have kids that are born like two people within one body .
The highest case is last year with the South African runner <unk> ; it was put on the fabric of his sex in the Berlin <unk> .
A lot of journalists called it to ask , `` What do you test are going to do to determine whether <unk> <unk> is a man or a woman ? ''
And I had to explain to the journalists that no such test .
In fact , we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature does n't plot a line between men and women , or men and <unk> and women and <unk> -- we are all of us who draw that line .
So what we have is a situation where the more we go through the science , the more we have to admit that these categories were stable categories stable that were buried directly with a stable <unk> categories -- are much more than we thought .
And not only in terms of sex .
Also , in terms of race , something that 's much more complicated than the terminology allows .
As we see , we go into a rough terrain .
Let 's look at , for example , the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees .
What about <unk> of them in just a few nucleotides ?
And as we moved on in science , we get more and more in an awkward area that we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that are probably too simplistic .
And we 're looking at this in all walks of human life .
One of them , for example , in our current culture , in the United States today , are the struggles at the beginning and at the end of life .
It 's hard to set up a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights to the <unk> .
There are very <unk> discussions today , not in public , but it 's in the <unk> of when someone 's considered to be dead .
Our ancestors never had to deal with this question of whether someone was dead .
As a lot , he got a pen in front of his nose , and if he moved still you did n't get it anymore .
If I stopped moving that <unk> .
But today we can , for example , extract vital organs from one body and put them in another body .
And as a result , we have to tackle the dilemma of really really really somebody 's death , and this puts us in a difficult situation where we do n't have the single categories of the past .
And you might think that this explosion of categories could be celebrating somebody like me .
In politics , I 'm progressive , <unk> people with unusual bodies , but I have to admit that I 'm nervous .
They would argue that these categories are much more unstable than we were thinking so tense .
It 's a concept of view of the concept of democracy .
And to tell you about this tension , I have to admit that I 'm a fervent bike of the Founding Fathers .
I know they were racist , I know they were <unk> , but they were big .
I mean , they were so brave and audacious and so radical in what they did , that I find each other watching that musical `` 1776 , '' and not for the music , which is totally <unk> .
That 's why happened in 1776 with the Founding Fathers .
Parents were , for me , the first activists of anatomy and explain why .
What they 'd been doing was a concept of anatomical concept , and it was <unk> with another that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years .
And , as everybody remembers , what would be rejected by our Founding Fathers was the idea of monarchy , the monarchy based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy .
The monarchs of the old world did n't know the DNA , but they had clear the idea of the right birth .
They had the concept of blue blood .
They were from the idea that the political power was coming into the <unk> of blood , passed from the grandfather to the father and then the son , etc .
Parents rejected that idea , and they replaced it by a new concept , and that concept was that all men are created equal .
They went through the game field , and they decided that the anatomy that mattered was anatomy in common and not differences . That was very radical .
And they were partly doing it because they were part of a visual system where they were taking two things .
It was raising democracy , and at the same time was born science .
And it 's very clear , if you look at the history of the Founding Parents , that many were very interested in science and the idea of a <unk> world .
They were <unk> from the supernatural explanations , and therefore would reject the concept of power transmitted by a vague idea of birth of birth .
They were moving towards a <unk> concept .
And if we look at , for example , the Declaration of Independence , talking about nature and God 's God .
They do n't talk about God and the nature of God .
They talked about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
And we were passing the idea of the anatomical coincidence .
And by doing so , they were laid down the foundations of the Civil Rights movement .
They did n't think about that way , but they did it for us , and it was great .
And what happened years later ?
And women succeeded .
Then came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from <unk> <unk> , who said , `` I 'm not a woman ? ''
We found men in the Civil Rights movement saying , `` I 'm a man . ''
Again , people of color who are <unk> to the anatomical coincidence on anatomical difference and , again , succeeded .
We see the same with the <unk> movement .
The problem is , of course , that as we look at coincidences , we have to start asking ourselves why we keep certain divisions .
But , attention , I want to keep some anatomical divisions in our culture .
For example , I do n't want to give a fish the same rights that a human .
I do n't want to say that we had <unk> to anatomy .
I do n't want to say that the five-year-old should have been allowed to have sex with or married .
There are some anatomical divisions that for me make sense and I think we should maintain .
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are , why they keep them and make sense .
Well , let 's go back to those two beings at the beginning of this talk .
We have two creatures , both of them in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day .
Let 's imagine that one of them , Mary , born three months earlier : June 1 .
Henry , on the contrary , was born on a term : the March 1980 .
By the fact , I was born three months earlier that Mary attribute all the rights three months before Henry -- the right to sex consent , the right to vote , the right to <unk> .
Henry has to wait for all of that not because she has a different biological age , but because he was born after .
We found other oddities in relation to their rights .
Henry , by virtue of virtue of being a man -- -- if I do n't tell you whether it 's <unk> , by virtue of being a man 's <unk> now , is <unk> from the bills that Mary does n't have to worry about .
Mary , for his part , does n't have the same marriage rights that Henry in all states , for example .
Henry can be married in all states with a woman , but Mary can marry a woman only in some states .
So they still persist anatomical categories that in various ways are lying in trouble and questionable .
And now the question is : What do we do now that science went forward so much in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could crumble ?
I do n't want to give science to science , but at the same time , sometimes I feel like science gets away from us .
Where do we go ?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude , `` Well , we have to draw the line somewhere , so we 're going to do it . ''
But many people are trapped in a rare position .
For example , Texas at a certain time has decided that to get married with a man , you do n't have to have Y chromosome , and to marry a woman , you have to have Y chromosome .
Now , in practice , they do n't test people .
But this is also very strange given the story that I told you at the beginning of the <unk> syndrome .
So if you look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy , Dr. Martin Luther King , in his speech `` And I talked to you , '' offers a solution .
It says that we should judge people `` based on the color of their skin , but in the content of their character , '' going beyond anatomy .
And I mean , `` Yes , the idea seems very good . ''
But in practice , how do you do it ?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character ?
I want to point out that I 'm not sure that I 'm not sure we had to do this for women 's rights , because I will admit that I know from some <unk> <unk> that probably deserve more social services than some humans I know .
I also want to say that maybe some <unk> that I know can make more informed , smart and mature decisions about their sex relationships that people of 40 I know .
So how do you put the subject of character in practice ?
It 's very difficult .
And one part of me wonder what would happen if the character of a person could be measured by an instrument , maybe with MRI .
Do we really want to get to that point ?
I 'm not sure where we go .
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States continues to continue this current of thinking in terms of democracy .
We 've done a good job in defense of democracy , and I think we 're going to make a good job in the future .
We do n't live , for example , in an context like the Iranian where a man who feels attracted to other men is susceptible to being killed , unless he 's willing to have a sex change , in which case it 's allowed to live .
We 're not in that situation .
I 'm glad to say that we do n't have a context as a surgeon who I talked about a couple of years ago that had done a couple of years ago that I had done to give birth twins <unk> to then pick them apart , and so we grow their fame .
But when the phone asked the question of the operation , he was a very memorable operation , and he told me that in that other country , these kids would be very abused , and therefore I had to do it .
And I said , `` Well , it 's considered political asylum instead of the <unk> separation ? ''
The United States offers huge possibilities for people to be who they are without helping to change the sake of the state .
So I think we need to be on the head .
Well , to finish , I mean , I 've been talking a lot like I 've been talking a lot .
And I want to think about what democracy would be , or as it might be , if we had given more participation to the Mothers .
And I want to say something a little bit radical to a feminist , and that is that I think there can be different ideas from different anatomic ears , in particular if there are people thinking about it .
For years , since I 've been interested in <unk> , I 've also been interested in investigating the sexual difference .
And one of the things I 've been interested in is the differences between men and women in terms of thinking and operating in the world .
And what we know about <unk> studies is that women , on average , not all , but in <unk> tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships , and dealing with those who are <unk> within the group .
And if we think about that , we have an interesting situation in our hands .
Now , when I was in graduate school , one of my advisers I knew I was interested in feminism , I was considered a feminist , as a <unk> made me a strange question .
`` Tell me what 's a woman 's girls . ''
And I thought , `` It 's the stupidest question I 've ever heard .
Feminism has to be able to get rid of the gender stereotypes , so there 's nothing feminine in feminism . ''
But the more I 've thought about her question , and the more I 've thought about her question , that there 's a little female in feminism .
I mean , there might be something , on average , something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more susceptible to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable .
So if Parents were very attentive to find the way to protect people from the state , it 's possible that , to have taken more <unk> to this concept , maybe we would have enriched the notion of protection with reciprocal support .
And maybe that 's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond anatomy : think less about the individual body , in terms of identity , and think more about relationships .
So while we try to create a more perfect bond , we think about what we do about the other .
Thank you .
In 2007 , we decided that we had to rethink how we think about economic development .
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where they want to go to live and work , have the possibility of choice between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents .
Well , we are far away from that goal .
There are billions of people in developing countries that do n't count on a single city willing to <unk> them .
But the amazing thing about cities is that it 's worth a lot more than their cost of building .
So we could easily get into the world , tens , perhaps hundreds of new cities .
Well , this may sound absurd if you 've never thought about new cities .
But it 's just <unk> by apartment buildings .
Imagine that half of you who wanted to live in apartments , they were <unk> and that the other half is still missing to do that .
They could try to increase the ability to run out of all existing buildings .
But you know that the problem that <unk> is that those buildings and areas that surround them have norms to avoid discomfort and distractions .
So it would be very hard to do all those <unk> .
But you could go to a whole new place , build a whole new apartment building , always , and when the rules of that place would be launched , instead of putting ourselves together .
So I proposed that governments are going to be able to make new enough areas of reform -- big enough to contain cities and gave them a name : cities under <unk> .
Later , I found out later that about the same time , <unk> and <unk> were thinking about the challenge of reform Honduras .
They knew that every year about 75,000 <unk> would come out of their country to go to the United States , and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras .
In the summer of 2009 , Honduras went through a constitutional crisis .
In the next regular , <unk> elections , <unk> <unk> imposed on a platform in which promised them and the same reconciliation time .
He asked her to <unk> her head of cabinet .
Meanwhile , I was preparing for a talk at TEDGlobal .
Through a process of refinement , trial and error , and a lot of trials with users , tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under <unk> to their most essential ideas .
The first point was the importance of rules , like those rules that say you ca n't go and get away from all of the current residents in apartments .
We 're going to take a lot of attention to new technologies , but you need so much of technologies like the rules of rules , and usually the rules that prevent us forward .
In the fall of 2010 , a friend of Guatemala sent <unk> a link to the TEDTalk .
I showed it to <unk> .
They called me .
They said , `` Let 's tell the leaders of our country . ''
So in December we got together in Miami , in a conference room .
I tried to explain to them about how valuable cities are , much more valuable than their monetary cost .
And I used this picture that shows the value of the land in a place like New York . Just look at the ground that , in some cases , it 's worth thousands of dollars per square meter .
But it was a pretty abstract discussion , and at some point , when there was a pause , he said , `` Paul , maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk . ''
And the talk described in very simple terms that a <unk> city is a place where it starts with <unk> land , a charter that builds up the rules that are embedded there and an option for people to choose if they want to go or not to live under those rules .
So President de Honduras called me , and told me that we had to do this project , this is important , this could be the path for our country to advance .
He asked me to go to me and talk about four and five of January .
So I presented another talk full of data , which included an image like this , which was trying to explain that to make a lot of value to a city , this has to be very big .
This is a picture of Denver , and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver in Denver .
Only this airport is covering over 100 kilometers .
So I was trying to convince them to build a new city , and we have to start with a site that is measuring at least 1,000 square miles .
That 's more than 100,000 acres .
Everybody <unk> <unk> .
The faces of the audience were very serious and attentive .
The Congress leader came to the platform and said , `` Professor <unk> , thank you very much for your talk , but maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk .
I have here in my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk .
And this explained the essential thing that a new city can offer new options for people .
There would be a choice of a city that might be able to go in Honduras , rather than hundreds of miles away from the North .
And it would also include new options for leaders .
Because Honduras ' leaders would need help with associated countries , they could benefit from the countries that were associated with helping them to establish and make the norms of the charter , so that everybody could trust that the <unk> will effectively be .
We went and saw a site .
This is a picture of there .
It could easily deal with a thousand square kilometers .
And soon after , 19th of January , they voted in Congress to <unk> their Constitution and add a constitutional arrangement that would allow these special regions to create .
In a country that was just going through this painful crisis , the voting in Congress for this constitutional amendment was <unk> .
All the parties , all the factions in society , really got it .
By <unk> in the Constitution , it has to pass twice in Congress .
17th of February , I passed over another voting on another ballot .
Immediately after the voting , from 21 to February 24th , a delegation of about 30 <unk> was to both places in the world who are more interested in participating in building cities .
One of them is South Korea .
This is a picture of a new city center in South Korea , and it 's bigger than the Boston center .
Everything you see there in four years , after they spent four years getting permits .
The other country , interested in building cities is Singapore .
In fact , they 've built two cities in China , and they 're preparing for a third .
And if you think about this practical mode , this is the point where we are .
They have a site , and they 're already thinking about a site for the second city .
They 're preparing a legal system that would allow managers to come , and then they would allow to operate under an external legal system .
A country has already committed to allow its Supreme Court to allow its Supreme Court to be the ultimate court for this new criminal justice system .
There are urban planners and builders of cities that are very interested in the project .
They can even get some funding .
But the only thing we know you 've solved is that they have a good number of people .
There 's a lot of companies who wanted to move in the Americas , especially in a place with a trade zone , and there are a lot of people who would like to go to live there .
In the world there are 700 million people who say they would like to switch to another place .
There 's a million a million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States .
Many of them are parents who have to leave behind their family to get a job , sometimes they 're single mothers who have to earn the money to just eat or buy clothes .
Unfortunately , sometimes even children are trying to meet their parents who have n't seen , in some cases , in a decade .
So what do you think about building a new city in Honduras ?
Or do you build a dozen of these , or a hundred of these all over the world ?
What seems to think about insist that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents ?
This is an idea worth spreading .
And my friends , I was asked to say , `` Thank you TED . ''
I 'm <unk> , and this is my <unk> .
But before I show you what 's inside , I 'm going to make a public confession , and it is that I live obsessed with costumes .
I love to find , wear , and more recently , photographing and publishing on my blog , and colorful and different for every time .
But I do n't buy anything new .
All my clothes is a second hand of <unk> markets and secondhand stores .
Ah , thank you .
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my <unk> in the environment and my wallet .
I 'm going to get to know <unk> people , and usually my money goes to a good cause , and my appearance is unique ; and buy it becomes my personal search for treasures .
I mean , what am I going to find today ?
I 'm going to be from my size ?
I would like color ?
Will it cost less than 20 dollars ?
If all the answers are positive , then I feel I 've won .
Back to the theme of my <unk> , I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED .
I mean , what does someone bring with someone who has all that clothing ?
So I 'm going to show you exactly what I brought .
I brought seven pairs of underwear , and nothing else .
You want inside exactly a week , it 's all I 've put in my <unk> .
I figured it would be able to find everything else that I 'd like to use after arriving here to Palm Springs .
And because you do n't know me as the woman who walks around TED in underwear , that means I found some things .
And I 'd like to show you now the sets for this week .
Does n't it sound interesting ?
As I do , I 'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that , believe believe or not , I 've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing .
Let 's start with Sunday .
I call this a brilliant tiger .
You do n't have to spend a lot of money to look good .
You can almost see a phenomenal thing for less than 50 dollars .
The whole thing , including the jacket , took me up , and it 's the most expensive thing I 've used in the week .
And the color is energy .
It 's almost impossible impossible to be in humor , when you 're wearing a bright red pants .
If you 're happy , you 're going to attract other people happy .
Tuesday : <unk> is <unk> .
I 've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself , and at the same time , I 've spent .
I just know yourself .
If you 're standing in the right people , you wo n't just understand you , you 'll get bored .
<unk> : <unk> from the child that you take into the inside .
Sometimes people tell me it seems to be playing the costumes , or I remind them of their little <unk> .
I like to say , `` Thank you . ''
Thursday : The trust is the key .
If you think you look good at something , it 's almost sure you 're .
And if you think you do n't look good at something , it probably is true .
My mother taught me this day after day .
But it was n't until the 30 years I really understood their meaning .
And I 'm going to explain it in a few seconds .
If you think you 're a beautiful person in your inner and outside , you ca n't look at it .
So there 's no excuse for anybody in this audience .
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to achieve .
Thank you .
<unk> : A universal truth to you : The golden <unk> go with everything .
And finally , Saturday : Developing a personal style , and only is a great way of telling the world about you without having to say a word .
I 've tried it again and again when people came up to me this week , just by what I was using . And we had fantastic conversations .
Obviously this is not going to go into my little <unk> .
So before I left home , to Brooklyn , I 'm going to give everything .
Because the lesson I 'm trying to learn this week is that you have to quit certain things .
I do n't need emotionally <unk> to these things , because around the corner , there 's always another crazy suit , colorful and bright <unk> , if there 's a little love in my heart , and I look for it .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
This is a representation of your brain that we can split in two parts .
The left-hand side , which is the logical part , and the right side , which is the intuitive part .
So if you take a scale to measure the fitness of each hemisphere , we could design a plane of our brain .
For example , this would be somebody who 's completely logical .
This would be somebody who 's totally intuitive .
So , where do you get your brain on this scale ?
Some <unk> by one of these extremes , but I think for most of the members of this audience , their brain is something like this -- with a great fitness in both hemispheres at the same time .
It 's not that they are mutually exclusive .
You can be logical and intuitive .
I consider myself one of those people , as well as most of the other experimental physicists , we need a lot of logic to make these complicated ideas .
But at the same time , we need a lot of intuition to make experiments really work .
How do we develop this intuition ? Well , we like to play with things .
We put ourselves playing with them , and then we see how they react . And then we develop our intuition from that point .
And actually , you do the same thing .
You can have an intuition that you may have developed with the age of the years , which says one thing can be only in a place at a time .
I mean , it may sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time , but you were n't born with this notion , the developed .
I remember looking at a kid playing in a parking bar .
It was a small kid , and he did n't do it very well , it was always falling .
But I bet play with that bar of parking lot taught him a valuable lesson , and that 's that the big things do n't allow the <unk> , and that they stay in a place .
This is a big conceptual model that can be in the world , except that you 're a particle physicist .
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist , because they do n't play with parking bars , they play with these little particles .
And when they play with their particles , they discover that they do all sorts of really rare things -- like they can go through walls , or they can be in two different places at the same time .
And then they wrote all these observations , and they called it theory of quantum mechanics .
At that point , the physics was a few years ago ; you needed from quantum mechanics to describe those little particles .
But you did n't need it to describe the big objects that surround us every day .
That did n't fit very well to my intuition , and maybe it 's not playing very often with particles .
Well , sometimes I play with them , but not a lot .
And I 've never seen them .
I mean , nobody saw a particle .
But they did n't fit myself well to my logic .
Because if everything is made of little particles , and all the little particles follow the early mechanics in quantum mechanics , so should n't it be on the beginning of quantum mechanics ?
I do n't find the reason why it should n't .
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow show that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics .
That 's why a few years ago , I proposed to do exactly that .
And I did .
This is the first object that you can see that has been on a <unk> of quantum mechanics .
What we see here is a little computer chip .
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle .
That 's the little bit of metal that I 'm going to talk about in a minute .
This is a picture of the object .
And here I 'm going to zoom in a little bit . It 's right at the center .
And then here we do a good approach to small metal metal .
So what we see is a little bit of metal , a springboard and spread <unk> and <unk> on a platform .
And so I did this almost the same way you would do a computer chip .
I went to a clean room with a silicon chip , and I started working all the big machines for about 100 hours .
For the last material , I had to build my own machine -- to make this little hole in a way of <unk> swimming that 's under the device .
This device has the ability to be on a quantum overlap , but it needs some help .
Let me make an analogy .
You know how uncomfortable it is to be on an elevator full of people .
I mean , when I 'm on an elevator alone , I do all sorts of weird things , but then when other people go up , I 'll leave you about doing those things , because I do n't want to bother them , or , really , freaked out .
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way .
The journey of inanimate objects are not just people , it 's also the light that shines it and the wind that goes on to their side and the heat of the room .
So we knew that if we wanted this little bit of metal to behave , you would have to <unk> all the other passengers .
And that 's what we did .
We took the lights , then we introduced a vacuuming and pulled all the air out , and then we got it cool to a <unk> temperature at all .
Now , when you 're just on the elevator , the little bit of metal is free to act like it .
So we measure their movements .
We discovered that he moved in very strange ways .
Instead of sitting perfectly still , I was vibrating , and the way it was suggesting was as a breath in this way -- as a bellows , it expands and contracts .
And when we give it a soft drive , we were able to make it <unk> and do n't break at the same time -- something that happens only with quantum mechanics .
So what I 'm telling you is something really fantastic .
What does it mean for a <unk> thing and do n't do it at the same time ?
Let 's think about atoms .
In one case , all the trillions of atoms that make up that metal piece are still , and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down .
It 's just at certain points when they line up .
In the rest of the time , they 're <unk> .
It means that each atom is in two different places at the same time , which is what it means that all the metal metal is in two different places .
I think this is great .
Seriously .
It was still a <unk> in a clean room to do this for all those years , because , look at this , the difference in scale between one atom and that little bit of metal is more or less the same as the difference between that little bit of metal and you .
So if one single atom can be in two different places at the same time , and that piece of metal can be in two different places , why do n't you ?
I mean , it 's my logic part that speaks .
So imagine if you were in various places at the same time , what would that be ?
How do you work in your mind if your body was embedded in space ?
There 's another part of the story .
And it 's when we heat it up , and we turned on the lights and look inside the box , we saw that the metal was still there in one piece .
And I was able to get to this new intuition , apparently all of the objects on the elevator actually is only quantum objects that are just close to a small space .
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected .
Well , that 's not so true .
It 's more than that , it 's deeper .
It 's that those connections , your connections to all the things around you , literally define who you are , and that 's the deep strangeness of quantum mechanics .
Thank you .
My name is <unk> .
And then 18 months ago I was doing another job at Google , until I launched the idea of doing something related and museums to my boss who 's here , and that allowed me to do it .
It took me 18 months .
Many negotiations and stories , I assure you , with 17 very interesting museums of nine countries .
But I 'm going to focus on the demo .
There 's a lot of stories of why we did it .
I think my own story is explaining simply on this slide , and this is the access .
I grew up in India .
I did n't have access to a lot of education , but I did n't have access to many of these museums and artwork .
So when I started traveling and go in museum , I started learning a lot .
And working on Google , I try to make the desire to make it more accessible through technology .
So we formed a team , a big team of people , and we started to do it .
Well , better than show the demo to then explain a couple of interesting things that we 've done from their launch .
So simply , we 're going to get it .
Look around all of the museums that there are .
There 's the gallery gallery , the MoMA , the <unk> , the <unk> , the van Gogh .
I 'm actually going to go into one of my favorites , to <unk> , the art museum in New York .
There are two ways to make it -- very simple .
We click on it , and you click , we 're already inside the museum .
It does n't matter where you are , Bombay or <unk> , that actually does n't matter .
You move around and they have fun .
Do you want to navigate the museum ?
We opened up the top plane , and with one click , we jumped in .
They 're inside , you want to go to the bottom of the hallway .
You go ahead . You 're going to go ahead .
<unk> .
Thank you , but I did n't get the best .
Now I 'm in front of one of my favorite paintings , `` <unk> '' by Pieter <unk> in the <unk> .
I see the sign + .
If the museum shows us the image , we click there .
Look , this is one of the images .
So here 's the whole data of metadata .
For those of you who are really interested in art , you can click there , but I 'm going to click here right now .
And this is one of the images we 've captured on what we call the <unk> technology .
So this image , for example , contains , I think , about 10,000 million pixels .
And there 's a lot of people who ask me , `` What do you get about 10,000 million pixels ? ''
So I 'm going to show you what you really get to 10,000 billion pixels .
You can zoom in around a very simple way .
You see some fun things that are happening .
I love this guy , his expression has no price .
But if you really want to go into it .
So I started playing , and I found myself with something that was happening there .
And I said , `` Wait a moment , this seems interesting . ''
And I found that the kids were actually playing something .
I did a little bit , I talked to some people from the <unk> , and I actually discovered this is a game called <unk> , which is to hit a <unk> with a stick on Tuesday .
And apparently it was very popular .
I do n't know why they did , but I 've learned something about it .
And now we 're going to get further down , and you 'll see that you can actually get into the cracks .
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective , I 'm going to pull out the image , so you 'll see what there is .
This is where we were , and this is the painting .
The best thing is to come , a second .
So now we 're going quickly to jump at MoMA in New York City .
Another one of my favorites , `` The night <unk> . ''
The example I showed was to find details .
But what if you wanted to see the brush ?
And if you want to see how van Gogh really did this masterpiece ?
It goes up and it 's really going to do it .
I 'm going to one of my favorite parts in this picture , and I 'm really going to get cracks .
This is `` The <unk> night , '' I think I 'd never seen it before .
I 'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions .
There are many things more here , but I do n't have time to show it .
This is the really cool part . It 's called `` <unk> . ''
All of you , absolutely everybody , does n't matter whether it 's rich or poor , or if you have an mansion , that gives you the same .
You can online create your own museum , create your own collection of all these images .
It 's very simple , we enter it , I 've created this function that I call `` The zooming in '' -- we just zoom in around .
It 's about `` The ambassadors , '' at the National Gallery in London .
You can write things up , send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel at contemplating these masterpieces .
So , in conclusion , I think , to me , is that all the amazing things really do n't come from Google .
No , in my opinion , they even do n't come from museum .
Maybe I should n't say this .
Actually , they come from those artists .
And that 's been my humble experience with this .
I mean , I hope that in this digital medium do justice to its artwork , and that is represented properly online .
And the big question I 'm doing today is , `` You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum ? ''
And the answer is no .
It 's to supplement the experience .
And that 's all . Thank you .
Thank you .
Good afternoon everybody .
I have something to show you .
Think about a pixel , a flying pixel .
In our lab , we call it responsive design .
I 'm going to tell you a little bit about this .
If you look at this picture -- I 'm from Italian origin , all of the kids in Italy grow with this picture on the wall of his bedroom , but the reason I show this is that there 's something very interesting that has happened in Formula 1 in the last two decades .
For some time , if you wanted to win a race of Formula 1 , I would take a budget , and you 'll get it to a good car and a good car .
And if the car and the pilot , and the pilot was good enough , you would win the career .
This is what , in engineering , will be <unk> in real time control system .
It 's basically a system that has two components : a sensor and a <unk> .
What 's interesting today is that the real-time control systems are starting to go into our lives .
Our cities , over the last few years , have been covered with networks and electronics .
They 're turning computers into the open .
And , like , they 're starting to respond differently , and they can be detected and <unk> .
<unk> cities is big .
As a note aside , I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the cortex on the planet , but it 's 50 percent of the world 's population .
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions .
If we could do something with cities , it would be a big thing .
Beyond the cities , all of these detections , and they 're actually entering our everyday objects .
This is from an exhibition of Paola <unk> for weekends at MoMA , during the summer .
It 's called `` Uncle Uncle . ''
Well , our objects , the environment , start telling us .
In a way it 's like almost all the atoms in existing atoms got sensors and actuators .
And that 's completely changing the interaction that as humans have with the outer environment .
In a sense it 's almost like the old dream of Michelangelo .
You know , when Michelangelo carved the Moses , he says , at the end , I took the hammer and he threw him up to the Moses -- -- you know , you can still see a small dent in her and he said to him , `` Nice to <unk> ? ''
Well , today , for the first time , our environment starts talking to us .
And I 'm going to show you just a few examples ; I insist on the idea of taking the environment and push something .
Let 's start with detection .
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab .
This was four and a half years ago in Italy .
It was a summer , all of 2006 .
It was the year in which Italy won the World Cup .
Maybe you know , they were playing Italy and France , and at the end of the <unk> gave the <unk> .
And anyway , I won Italy .
Now let 's see what happened that day watching activity happens in the network .
Here we see the city .
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the river River .
It 's the morning , before the game .
The timeline is at the top .
For the early days there are people here , and there are calls , moving .
It starts the game : silence .
<unk> from France . <unk> from Italy .
<unk> ; people do a quick phone call and goes to the bathroom .
Second time . End of time .
The first extra time -- second .
<unk> , and at a moment , the <unk> .
They win Italy , yes .
That night everyone was to celebrate the center .
There you see the big spike .
The next day , everyone went to the center of the winning team and the prime minister .
And then everybody went down .
You see the picture of the place called <unk> Massimo where , since Roman times , people will celebrate ; it 's a great party , you can see the summit at the end of the day .
This is just an example of how you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we could n't have done just a few years ago .
Another quick example of detection is not about people , but things we use and we consume .
Today we know everything about the provenance of our objects .
This is a map that shows all the chips that make up a Mac , how you put it together .
But we know very little about where things go .
So in this project , we developed some small tags that we 've developed to track garbage on the system .
We started with a couple of volunteers who helped us in Seattle a little more than a year ago , to tag what they were throwing it ; different kinds of things , as you can see , things that anyway .
Then we put a little chip , a tag on the trash , and then we started <unk> .
These are the results from them .
From Seattle .
after a week .
And with this information , we realized there 's a lot of inefficiencies in the system .
We can do the same with much less energy .
These are data that did n't exist before .
There 's complicated things happening , and there 's a lot of unnecessary transport .
But the other thing we believe is that if we look at every day that the cup that we <unk> does n't go away , which is still somewhere on the planet .
If the plastic bottle that we <unk> one day still on there .
That if we showed that to people , then we can promote any behavior change .
That was the reason for the project .
My colleague at MIT , <unk> <unk> , could tell us a lot more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that , but I wanted to go to the second part that we talked about at the beginning , which is push on the environment .
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in <unk> .
It started with a question of the mayor of the city , which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of the water use in public spaces , in architecture .
And the question was , how can technology , new technology , join that ?
And one of the ideas we developed at MIT , in a workshop , was : imagine that you have a trunk and valves , <unk> of <unk> , <unk> that open and closing .
It was created like a water curtain , with the pixels of water .
If you fall the pixels , you can write in them , show patterns , images , text .
And when we zoom in , the curtain will open so that we can go , as you see in the picture .
We presented this to the mayor <unk> .
He liked it a lot .
And we had a commission to design the building in the entryway .
We call it the Digital Water Challenge .
The whole building is made of water .
There are no doors and no windows , but when you zoom in up so you can go through .
The ceiling also is covered in water .
And if there 's a little bit of wind , if you want to minimize the <unk> , the roof goes down .
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears , like in this case .
Those days , there will always be someone , in the winter , when the roof goes down , someone who was there , and he said , `` <unk> the building . ''
No , it 's not that you have been demolished , but when it comes down , almost all architecture disappears .
Here it is working .
It looks at people who are doing so on .
And here I 'm myself trying to not get wet when you test the sensors that open the water .
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working .
That night was actually even more fun .
All the kids in <unk> came to the building because the way they interact had changed a little bit .
It was no longer a building that would open to let you go , but a building that was still making slices and holes and you had to jump to not get wet .
And for us that was very interesting because as architects , engineers , designers , we always think of the use that people will give to our designs .
But then the reality is unpredictable .
And that 's the beauty of doing things to interact , that people use them .
This is a picture of the building with the physical pixels , the pixels of water , and the projections of them .
And this is what led us to think about the next project I 'm going to show you .
Imagine that those pixels could start flying .
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air , and that each one had a tiny pixel that changes color as if it 's a cloud that moves in space .
This is the video .
Imagine a helicopter , like the one we saw before , that moves with others in sync .
We could form this cloud .
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions .
Or in three dimensions , but in three dimensions , what it changes is the light , not the position of the pixels .
You can play with a different type .
Imagine the screen appear at different scales and sizes , different types of resolution .
And then all that could be a <unk> cloud that you can zoom in , and go through , and see from very different angles .
This is the real <unk> controlled , going down to form one V , like it .
When the light lights , you see this . The same thing we saw before .
Imagine each one of them controlled by one person .
We can have each pixel with a input that comes from people , the movement of people , etc. , etc .
I want to show you something for the first time .
We 've been working with <unk> <unk> of the best ballet dancers in today , the star from New York City , and the La Scala of <unk> to capture his movements in 3D and use them as input for <unk> .
Here we can see <unk> dancing .
On the left , you see the pixels , it captures in different resolutions .
It 's so much 3D <unk> as a movement capture .
It can spread all the motion .
You can go all the way .
And once we have the pixels , we can play with them , with color and movement , with gravity and rotation .
We want to use this as a possible entry for <unk> .
I wanted to show you the last project we 're working on .
It 's something for the London Olympics .
It 's called the cloud .
And the idea is , imagine again , that we could get people involved in order to do something and change our environment as a farm farm as a barn , but with a cloud .
Imagine that we could just make all of them go a little bit to a pixel .
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened over the last few years is that , in the last two decades , we spent from the physical world to the digital world .
We 've digitized everything , like knowledge , and it 's accessible through the Internet .
Today , for the first time -- and the Obama campaign -- we can move from the digital world , the power self-organizing of the networks , the physical world .
In our case , this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol .
That would mean something that would mean in a city .
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges today : think about climate change or CO2 emissions , how will we go from the digital world to the physical world ?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together , collectively .
The cloud is a cloud , again , made from pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a cloud of particles .
And those particles are water , while in our cloud , they are pixels .
It 's a physical structure in London , but covered with pixels .
You can move inside , having different experiences .
You can see it from the bottom , serve to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympics and even more , and can be used as a form of connection to the community .
So , it 's a physical cloud of the sky as something you can go up , like a new top of London .
You can go into there .
Like it was a new digital beacon at night , but most importantly , it will be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top .
Thank you .
Would you like to be better than what they are ?
Suppose I told you that , with only changes in their genes , they could improve memory -- for more accurate , more accurate and faster .
Or maybe they 'd like to be better , to be stronger , to have more resistance .
Would you like to be more attractive and sure themselves ?
What about living more with good health ?
Or maybe those people who always wanted to be more creative .
What else would you like ?
What would you like , if you could choose something ?
Audience member : Creativity ) Creativity .
How many people choose creativity ?
Hands up . Let me see .
A few . I was probably supposed to be a lot of creative people .
That 's very good .
How many of you would choose memory ?
A few more .
And the physical state ?
A little less .
What about longevity ?
Ah , most people . That makes me feel good as a doctor .
If you could have some of this , the world would be very different .
Is it just imagination ?
Or maybe it 's possible ?
Evolution has been a <unk> theme here at the TED Conference , but I want to give you a look at a doctor 's eyes .
The great geneticist of the 20th century , <unk> , which is also <unk> in the Church of <unk> <unk> , wrote an essay titled `` Nothing in biology makes sense of the light of Evolution . ''
But if you effectively embrace biological evolution consider this : Is it just about the past , or the future ?
refers to others or us ?
This is another look at the tree of life .
The human part of this branch , right at an extreme , is , of course , the most interesting one .
<unk> from a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees , about six or eight million years ago .
There have been maybe 20 , 25 different species of hominids .
Some of them have gone and back .
We 've been here about <unk> years .
It might seem that we are far away from other parts of this tree of life , but actually , in its most of the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same .
Do you realize that we can leverage and control the machinery of a common bacterium to produce the human insulin protein that 's used to treat diabetes ?
This is not like human insulin , but it 's the same protein , and it 's , and it 's , and it 's , and it 's , and it 's , and it 's , it 's just , and it 's all coming out of the pancreas .
And about bacteria , you realize that we all carry on in the gut of the more bacteria that we have in the rest of the body ?
Maybe 10 times more .
I mean , think -- when Antonio Damasio asks you about <unk> -- think about bacteria ?
The gut is a wonderfully hospitable environment for those bacteria .
It 's warm , dark , moist , it 's very welcoming .
And we 're going to give them all the nutrients that you might want to want without effort in your part .
It 's really like a fast pathway for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some rush <unk> to the output .
But , for others , we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our lives .
They help digest fundamental nutrients , and they protect us from certain diseases .
But what will the future hold ?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary equilibrium as a species ?
Or meant to become something different , something that is perhaps better adapted to the environment ?
In this vast <unk> symphony of the universe , life on the Earth is like a brief compass ; the animal kingdom , as a single , only <unk> , and human life , a little note of grace .
That was us .
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk , so I hope you 've enjoyed you .
When I just graduated from college , I had my first class of biology .
I was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology .
I fell in love with the power of evolution and realized something fundamental : most of the existence of life , in the single-celled organisms , each cell just is simply divided and all the genetic energy in that cell is transmitted to the two daughters of the cell .
But when the multicellular organisms appear , things start to change .
It goes into the sexual reproduction scene .
And something very important : with the emergence of sexual reproduction , the rest of the body becomes <unk> .
In fact , you might say that the inevitability of the death of the body comes into evolution at the same moment of sexual reproduction .
I have to tell you that when I was a college student , I thought , well , <unk> , <unk> , death sex ; it seemed pretty reasonable at that time , but with every year I spent , every time I had more doubt .
I came to understand the feelings of George Burns , who still was acting in Vegas well in his 90s .
And one night he hits his hotel door .
He opens the door .
In front of him , there 's a magnificent dancer with clothes .
And he looks at it , and he says , `` I came in search for a sex soup .
`` All right , '' says George , `` I chose the soup . ''
I realized , as a doctor , who was working for a different target to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily counterintuitive , just different .
I was trying to preserve the body .
I wanted us to be healthy .
I wanted to recover health in the disease .
I wanted we were living more and healthier .
Evolution is about going through the genome to the next generation , adapting and <unk> generation after generation .
From an evolutionary point of view , you 're like <unk> rockets to send the genetic charge to the next level the orbiting level , and then let us fall into the sea .
I think we all would understand the feeling that expressed Allen theories when he said , `` I do n't want to achieve immortality through my work .
I want to do it not dying . ''
Evolution does n't necessarily bring longevity .
It 's not necessarily giving the bigger or stronger or faster or even more intelligent .
Evolution favors the best adapted creatures to be adapted to their environment .
That 's the only proof of survival and success .
In the bottom of the ocean , the bacteria , which they can survive to the heat of the <unk> they would produce , if there were fish there , fish cooked , but they 've managed to do that a welcoming environment .
So what does this mean , when we look at what 's going on in evolution , and if you start to think about the place of humans in evolution , and in particular , if we look forward , to the next phase , I would say there 's a lot of possibilities .
The first is that you do n't get it .
We 've reached a kind of balance .
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine , in the first place , we 've known to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been dismissed and made out of the population .
And second , as a species , we 've made our environment so that they fit ourselves , as we adapt to it .
And by the way , we migrated , by the way , we migrated into it , and we would give it so much that it 's no longer possible to have the necessary isolation for the evolution of evolution .
A second possibility is that there 's an evolution of the traditional , natural kind , imposed by the forces of nature .
And the argument here would be , that the gears of evolution roll slowly , but it 's <unk> .
And in isolation : when as a species we would have distant planets , there will be isolation and environmental changes that can produce natural evolution .
But there is a third possibility , an attractive , intriguing possibility .
I call it <unk> , the new evolution , which is not just natural -- but crave and selected for us as individuals in the decisions we 'll take .
Now , how could this happen ?
How could we do this ?
We first consider the reality that many people today , in some cultures , are making decisions about their offspring .
In some cultures , they 're choosing to have more males than women .
It 's not necessarily good for society , but it 's what you choose to be the individual and family level .
Think of it as well as possible to choose not only the sex of your offspring , but in your own body make genetic modifications to cure or prevent disease .
What if we could make genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer 's disease or reduce the risk of cancer or <unk> the stroke ?
Do n't you want to make those changes in their genes ?
If you look at the future that kind of changes will be increasingly possible .
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and served 13 years .
It 's <unk> million dollars .
The next year of being done , in 2004 , I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three million dollars in 2004 .
Today , you can get a full sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome at a cost by the next $ 20,000 and a week .
Not a lot of missing , so that the human genome will come true for $ 1,000 and more to the grasp of all .
Those changes are coming .
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only protecting them , but they 're going to induce other viruses .
Believe it or not there 's an experimental deal in course with the flu vaccine in growing cells from a tobacco plant .
Can you imagine a good thing coming out of tobacco ?
That 's reality today and in the future is going to be increasingly possible .
Imagine then only another two little changes .
Can you change the cells from their bodies , but if they could change the cells of their offspring ?
And if you could change sperm and eggs , or change the <unk> <unk> , and give their children a better chance of a healthier life , remove the diabetes , remove the <unk> , reduce the risk of cancer ?
Who does n't want kids healthier ?
And then , that same analytical technology , that same engine of science that can produce the changes for preventing disease will also allow us to adopt <unk> -- a better memory .
Why do n't you have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennings about everything if you could be able to deal with the next generation of the Watson machine ?
Why do n't we have a <unk> muscle that allows us to run faster and further away ?
Why not live longer ?
This is going to be irresistible .
And when we 're in conditions of communicating this next generation , and we can adopt the attributes that we wanted to have evolved the evolution of before in <unk> .
We 're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years , and we can compress it to 1,000 years , and maybe happen within the next hundred years .
These are choices that their grandchildren , or grandchildren of their grandchildren , they 're going to have them .
We 're going to use these choices to make a better , more successful , more headline ?
Or are we going to selectively pick selectively attributes that we want for some of us but not for others ?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more robust , and more maneuverable ?
This is the kind of question we 're going to have to face .
And most profound of all : are we going to be able to develop the wisdom and inherit the wisdom you need to make these decisions ?
For either , or for bad , and before what you might think of , these choices will depend on us .
Thank you .
Imagine a big bang when you 're at <unk> feet high .
Imagine a plane full of smoke .
Imagine an engine doing <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
<unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> . It sounds scary .
Well , I had a single seat that day . I was sitting in the <unk> .
It was the only one I could talk to the flight assistants .
So I immediately looked at them , and they said , `` No problem . We 're probably going to get some birds . ''
The pilot had already taken off the plane , and we were n't so far away .
You could see Manhattan .
Two minutes later , three things happened at the same time .
The pilot <unk> the plane with the Hudson River .
Mostly that is n't the route .
It 's <unk> the motors .
Imagine being on an airplane and no noises .
And then he said three words .
The three words I 've ever heard .
He said , `` <unk> for impact . ''
I did n't have to talk more with the flight assistant .
I was able to see it in his eyes .
It was terror . Life was finished .
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day .
I learned that everything changes in a second .
We have this list of things to do before we die , these things that we want to do in life , and I thought all the people I wanted to do , and I did n't , all the fences I wanted to repair , all the experiences I 've wanted to have and I never had .
As I was thinking about that later , I was a phrase , which is , `` I collect bad wines . ''
Because if the wine is ready , and the person is there , I 'm going to open it up .
I do n't want to do anything anymore in life .
And that urgency , that purpose , has really changed my life .
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is , as we fill the bridge George Washington , I was n't for a lot -- I thought about , wow , I really feel a big deal .
I 've lived a good life .
In my humanity , and my mistakes I 've tried to improve everything I did .
But in my humanity , I also give place to my ego .
And I 'm sorry the time I wasted on things that I did n't matter with people who matter .
And I thought about my relationship with my wife , with my friends , with people .
And then , as <unk> at that , I decided to remove the negative energy of my life .
It 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
In two years , I have n't had a fight with my wife .
It feels like wonders .
Now I 'm not trying to be right ; I 'm going to be happy .
The third thing that I learned -- and this is just like your mental clock goes out , `` 15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water <unk> .
I 'm saying , `` Please fly . ''
I do n't want this to break into 20 pieces as you see in those documentaries .
And as I went out , I had the feeling of , wow , die is not afraid .
It 's almost like we 've been hanging out for that all of our life .
But it was very sad .
I did n't want to go ; I love my life .
And that sadness <unk> in a single thought , which is , just wish for one thing .
I wish I could see my kids growing up .
A month later , I was on a performance of my daughter -- first grade , not a lot of artistic talent -- yet , and I scream , I cry , like a small one .
And to me , that was the reason to be the world .
At that point , when I connect those two points , that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great parent .
For all , the only goal I have in life is to be a good parent .
I gave myself a miracle of not dying that day .
And I was given another gift , which was the ability to look at the future and go back and live in another way .
You 're flying today , the challenge to imagine that the same thing happens in your airplane -- and please not be like that -- but imagine , and how would it change ?
What would you do , who still wait to do because they think they 're going to live forever ?
How would your relationships change and the negative energy in them ?
And most importantly , are the best parents who can be ?
Thank you .
I 've been blessed in life with a lot of amazing projects .
But the most cool thing that I worked on was for this guy .
The guy 's called <unk> .
It was one of the most important <unk> in the '80s .
One day he came to his house after running , and he said , `` Dad , I feel pins in my legs . ''
And that was the start of ALS .
Today , <unk> has total paralysis .
You can only use your eyes .
His work influenced me .
I have a design firm and animation company , and obviously the graffiti is a complicated thing we admire and respect in the world of art .
So we decided that we were going to sponsor Tony , <unk> , and his cause .
So I went and met with his brother and his father , and I said , `` We 're going to give you this money .
What are you going to do with it ? ''
And his brother said , `` I just want to be talking to Tony again .
I just want to be able to communicate with it , and he 's able to communicate with me . ''
And I said , `` A second , is n't that I 've seen Stephen <unk> , is not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices ? ''
And he said , `` No , unless you 're somebody who 's important , you can not actually do it .
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said , `` Well , how do they communicate then ? ''
Do you see the movie , `` The butterfly and the butterfly ? ''
They communicate that way -- you 're going marking with your finger .
I said , `` That 's archaic . How can it be ? ''
So I showed up with the only desire to deliver a check , and instead he signed a check that had no idea how I was going to cover it .
He engaged me with his brother and his father at that very moment , `` All right , this is the deal : Tony 's going to talk , we 're going to build a machine , and we 're going to find a way so that I can make your art again .
Because it 's ridiculous that someone who has so much inside you could n't communicate it . ''
So I talked about a conference a couple months later .
I met these guys called <unk> Research Lab , which have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface , and then , with a laser pointer , you draw on that and the negative space is recorded .
So they go around doing art facilities like this .
All the things that appear , they say , they 're part of a life cycle .
They start with the sex organs , then with the bad words , then with the Bush attacks , and at the end , people start doing art .
But there was always a life cycle in his presentations .
And so the journey began .
And about two years later , about a year later , after a lot of organization , and a lot of organization and so much move things on one side , we had achieved a couple of things .
One , we touch the gates of the insurance companies , and we got a machine so that they could communicate , a machine like Stephen Hawking .
Which was great .
And seriously , it 's about the most fun ; I call him <unk> because when you talk to the guy , you get an email from him , and you say , `` I do n't deserve it . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was bringing seven programmers out of the whole world we 've gone from every single corner of the <unk> to our house .
My wife , the kids and I , moved to the garage , and these hackers and programmers and programmers and <unk> , and they took control of the house .
Many of our friends thought we did something completely stupid , and when they did n't have taken out the walls of the walls and then there would be graffiti .
But for two weeks , we went to an Venice ride , my son was part , my dog was part , and we created this .
It 's called <unk> , and you can see the description .
They 're a couple glasses of cheap sunlight that we buy on your Venice ride in Venice , which is some copper wire and stuff from home , and at Radio Shack .
We took a <unk> camera , we open it up , we put it out of a light of LED light , and there 's a device that 's free -- and there 's a device that 's free -- we published the code that 's going down for free .
And we created a device that has no limitation at all .
There 's no insurance company that says , `` No . ''
There 's no hospital that can say `` no . ''
Anyone with paralysis have access to drawing and communicate using just their eyes .
Thank you .
Thank you very much for you that was awesome .
So at the end of two weeks , we went back to the <unk> room .
I love this picture because this is the other person 's room , and that 's his room .
There was all this <unk> and <unk> during the big opening .
And after over a year of planning , two weeks of programming , I 'm about intense jam of all night , Tony returned to drawing for the first time in seven years .
And this is a wonderful picture , because this is the support system of his life and it 's looking through the support system of your life .
We ran the bed so that I could see .
And we put a projector on a wall of the parking lot outside the hospital .
And he went back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and you can imagine what was the feeling in the parking lot .
The funny thing was that we had to bust into the parking lot , so we feel like we were going to get a graffiti too .
And at the end of this , he sent us an email , and this was what he said , `` This was the first time he drew in seven years .
I felt like he had been under the water and someone finally came to me and pull me out of there so I could breathe . ''
Is n't it wonderful ?
In a way that 's our cry for war .
That 's what keeps us in movement , developing .
And we have a long way to go with this .
It 's a cool device , but it 's the equivalent of a <unk> screen .
Someone with this artistic potential deserve a lot more .
So we 're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and make it faster and to robust .
Since then , we 've had all kinds of recognition .
We 've won a lot of awards .
Remember , it 's free ; none of us are making money with this .
Everything comes out of our own pockets .
The awards were from the guy , `` Oh , this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweeted something about us , and then in December , Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 inventions in 2010 , and it was really cool .
The best thing about all of this -- and this is what ends up close , which is that in April of this year at the University of campus at the center of Los Angeles , there 's going to be an exhibition called `` Art at <unk> . ''
And `` Art at <unk> '' is going to have the best <unk> of <unk> urban art , <unk> <unk> , <unk> all of them are going to be there .
It 's going to be in the show which is pretty impressive .
So basically this is my idea : if you see something that 's not possible , do it possible .
None of the stuff that 's in this room was possible -- the stage , the computer , the microphone , <unk> nothing was possible at a certain time .
You can -- anything in this room .
I 'm not a programmer , I never did anything with eye recognition technology , I just recognized something , and I was obsessed with wonderful people in order to make it happen .
And these are the questions I want you all to do every day when we 're going to find ourselves with something that we feel like doing . If it 's not now , when ? And if I 'm not me , who ?
Thank you guys .
I 've spent the last few years in situations generally very difficult and at the same time as dangerous as dangerous .
I went to prison -- hard .
I worked in a coal mine -- dangerous .
Video : It 's a war in wars , difficult and dangerous .
And I spent 30 days eating this -- fun at the beginning , something difficult in the middle , very dangerous in the end .
In fact , in a lot of my career , I 've been focusing on it in much of my career , in the only goal of dealing with the only goal of dealing with the only purpose of trying to look at social issues in ways that were very attractive , interesting , and hopefully analyzing them in a way that would be useful and accessible to the audience
So when I knew I was coming here to do a TEDTalk on the world of brands and sponsorship , I wanted to do something a little bit different .
So some of you may have heard it , or not , a couple of weeks ago I took an envelope on <unk> .
I sent some messages on Facebook , some on Twitter , I volunteered for selling the rights of my TEDTalk from 2011 .
What had been the following : `` <unk> their <unk> presents presents , '' my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it 's about , and according to content , I could be able to touch it in the face , especially if I put your company in ridicule to you .
But said , this is a very good media opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people look at TEDTalks ?
Many .
It 's a title in progress , by the way .
So even with that truck , I knew someone was going to buy the rights of the name .
If you had asked me a year ago , I would n't have been able to tell you for sure .
But in the new film I 'm working on , we looked at the world of marketing , of advertising .
And as I said earlier , I 've been in horrible situations in the last few years , but nothing could be preparing , I could n't get it , for something as difficult or so dangerous to go into the rooms with these guys .
You see , I had this idea for a movie .
Morgan <unk> : So Morgan <unk> : I want to make a film that 's about the <unk> of products , marketing and advertising , and that all film breaks down with products of products , marketing and advertising .
The film is going to be called `` The largest movie ever sold . ''
What 's going on in `` The largest movie ever sold '' is that everything from the top at the bottom , has a brand images , all the time -- from the <unk> that appears before the title , the brand X brand .
Now this brand , <unk> square , the <unk> Center .
These people were going to come into this film in perpetuity .
And so the film is exploring this whole idea . ( Michael <unk> : It 's redundancy . Is it what ? ( MK : It 's redundant .
I 'm one backup . ( MK : I mean , it was more by emphasis .
It was `` Design . ''
But we 're not just going to have the sponsor of the X brand in the title , but we 're going to make sure we 're going to make sure all the categories that we can in the film .
Maybe we sell a shoe , and it becomes the coolest shoe that you used ...
The most cool car that you 've driven in `` The biggest film ever sold , '' the best drink you 've ever had , '' `` The largest movie ever sold . ''
<unk> <unk> : The idea is then in addition to showing brands as part of the life , making them <unk> the film ? ( MS : You can make that film . ) MS : And we really showed the whole process of how it works .
The goal of the film full of film is transparency .
You 'll see the whole process in this movie .
That 's the whole idea , all the film , from beginning to end .
And I would love to help you make it happen .
Robert Friedman : You know , it 's funny because it 's the first time I hear that ; it 's the ultimate respect for the audience .
<unk> : However , I do n't know how responsive people are to that .
<unk> : You have a perspective -- I do n't know if `` angle '' is very <unk> , but you know how it 's going to make a matter ? ( MS : No idea ) David <unk> : How much money does you need to do this ?
MS : A million and a half . ( DC : Okay . ) John Kamen : I think it 's going to be hard to meet them , but it certainly is going to be worth convincing a couple of big brands .
<unk> : Who knows , maybe for the moment that the movie comes out , we see a lot of idiots .
MS : What do you think is going to be the answer ?
So Stuart <unk> : Most of the answers will be `` no . ''
MS : But will it be hard to sell , for the film or for being me ?
JK : Both things .
MS : ... means you 're not very optimistic .
So do you help me ? I need help .
MK : I can help .
MS : All right . ( MK : Good . ) Awesome .
MK : We have to think about what marks .
MS : Yes . ( MK : That 's the challenge -- when you look at the people you have to treat ...
MK : We have a few places where you go . ( MS : Okay .
MS : I thought that `` shuts off the camera '' meant we have a conversation outside .
<unk> the camera means `` We do n't want to know any of your movie . ''
MS : And that was , one for one , all of these companies suddenly disappeared .
None wanted to have anything to do with this film .
I was surprised .
They did n't want to know anything about this project .
And he was very impressed ; I thought that the concept of advertising was to introduce the product to as many people as possible , to make so many people see it as possible .
Especially in the world today is this intersection of new media and old media and the scenario of the separate media scenario , is n't the idea to have that new vehicle worth of attention that 's going to lead the message to the masses ?
No , that was what I thought .
But the problem was , you see , my idea had a <unk> error , and that error was this one .
Actually , no mistake there was no mistake .
There was no mistake at all .
This would have been right .
But the problem was what this image represents .
See , when you look at images of <unk> , on Google , this is one of the first images that come up .
I like to roll , Sergey Brin . No .
This was the problem : <unk> -- free of simulation , or deception -- easily detected or seen , which is characterized by the visibility or access of information , especially in business practices -- being the last line , maybe the bigger problem .
You see , we heard a lot about transparency in these days .
Our politicians , the president , the president , even the CEOs the name .
But suddenly , when it comes to making it really changes something changes .
But why ? Well , transparency are afraid -- like that weird bear that you still are across is still across .
It 's unpredictable -- like this weird rural path .
And it 's also very risky .
What else is it risky ?
It was an entire bowl of <unk> <unk> .
That 's very risky .
When I started talking to companies and tell them that we wanted to tell this story and said , `` No , we want to tell <unk> .
We want to tell a story , but tell me <unk> . ''
See , when I was a kid , and my father caught me in some lie -- and there 's him looking at me as he used to say , `` Son , there 's three sides in every story .
There 's your story , there 's my story , and there 's real story . ''
As you can see , in this film , we wanted to tell the real story .
But with only one company , one wanting to help me -- and that just because I knew John Bond and Richard <unk> of many years -- I realized that I would have to go on my own , I would have to take a buffer and go to companies myself with all my team .
So what I started to warn you of a sudden -- and I started to realize that when you start talking with companies , the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem .
MS : I have friends who make big films , huge , giant films that make small films , independent , like mine .
And my friends who make big Hollywood movies , giant Hollywood people say that the reason their movies are so successful , is because the <unk> marks they have .
And then my friends who make independent films say , `` Well , how are we supposed to compete with these big , giant Hollywood movies ? ''
And the film is called `` The largest movie ever sold . ''
How are we going to see specifically Ki-moon in the movie ?
Every time I 'm going to go out , every time I open my <unk> , you 'll see the Ki-moon deodorant .
Any time during an interview with someone I can say , `` Are you cool for this interview ?
Are you ready ? You get a little bit nervous .
I want to help you get married . ''
Maybe you should put you some of this before the interview . ''
And you 'll offer one of these great machines .
<unk> <unk> as `` Paradise of Paradise , '' you 're going to have their opportunity .
We 're going to have a man for man as a woman , solid , to <unk> , on bar , like it .
That 's the big look .
Now I can answer your questions and give you a <unk> look .
Karen Frank : We are a small brand .
Similar to the kind of small films that you actually made ; we 're rather a rival brand .
So we do n't have the budget that have other brands .
So doing things like this , you know , remind you of remind people of people , the reason that we 're interested in .
MS : What words would you use to describe to describe ?
Except it 's in white .
KF : That 's a big question .
Woman : Higher technology .
MS : Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the <unk> .
Man : We talk about something bold , cool .
I think `` cool '' is a great word that actually puts this category in a positive versus combat the smell and the sweat .
It 's kept you cool .
How do you keep you cool ? With better freshness , more freshness , three times cooler .
Things like those who highlights the benefits .
MS : And that 's a <unk> company .
What about me ? What about a common guy ?
I need to talk to the man on the street , people like me , to the common <unk> .
They have to talk to me about my brand .
MS : How do you define your brand ?
Man : Mmm my brand ?
I do n't know .
I like good clothing .
Woman : revive the 1980s , <unk> punk ' at least that it 's a laundry day .
MS : Okay , what 's the <unk> brand ?
<unk> : Something unique . ( MS : No . ) Man : I guess the kind of gender , the style I have would be like a dark <unk> .
I like the dark colors , many gray colors and things like that .
Usually I take accessories like sunglasses , or I like the crystals and the similar things .
Woman : If Dan was a brand , it could be a classic <unk> ' , Mercedes Benz .
Man 2 : The brand I 'm , I would call a casual <unk> .
Woman 2 : In part of a hippie , partly <unk> , partly <unk> , I do n't know .
Man 3 : I 'm the type of pets .
We 've got toys for pets in the country and in the world .
So I guess that 's my brand .
In my little sector , that 's my brand .
Man 4 : My brand is FedEx because they deliver commodities .
Man 5 : The <unk> <unk> .
Is that something ?
<unk> : I 'm a lawyer .
Tom : I 'm Tom .
MS : Well , we ca n't all have a brand shot , but I 'm often amazed at the intersection of dark <unk> ' and <unk> .
I realized I needed an expert .
I needed somebody who could go into my head , someone who could help me understand what they call the `` brand personality . ''
And I found a company called Olson <unk> in Pittsburgh .
They helped companies like <unk> , <unk> , Hallmark to discover that brand personality .
If they were able to do it for them , they could surely do it for me .
<unk> : <unk> pictures , right ?
MS : Yeah . The first picture is a familiar picture .
One : Tell me a little bit how it relates to your thoughts and feelings your way to be .
MS : These people fashion my way to see the world .
A : Tell me about that world .
MS : That world ? I think your world is the world that you live in -- like the people around you , your friends , your family , the way you live your life , the work you do .
All of those things come from , and they start in a place and in my case , and in my own case , in West Virginia .
Now , what 's the next one you want to talk about ?
MS : The next one is , `` This was the best day of my life . ''
Now , how does this relate to your thoughts , feelings and your way of being ?
MS : It 's like who I want to be .
I like things .
I like things . I like weird things .
A : Tell us about why , what is that for us ?
What 's the machete ? What phase of a <unk> are you now ?
Why are you important to reset ? What does the red ?
Tell me a little bit about that .
It 's a little more of you , which is not who you are .
What other <unk> have you had ?
It does n't have to be fear .
MS : <unk> ! ( A ) No , thank you .
A : Thank you for your patience . ( MS : Great work ) A : Yeah . ( MS : Thank you very much . ) All right .
MS : Yeah , I do n't know what 's going to go out of this .
There was a lot of madness to all this .
<unk> <unk> : The first thing that I saw was this idea that there are two different sides , but contrast , in your brand personality -- <unk> Morgan <unk> is a <unk> brand .
It would be very good together .
And I think there 's almost a paradox in them .
And I think some companies are only going to become one of their strengths , or in the other instead of focusing on both of them .
A lot of companies tend to do -- and it 's nature 's nature to avoid the things that are not safe ; they avoid fear , those elements , and you are actually supporting them and make something positive for you , and it 's nice to see that .
What other brands are that ?
The first here is the classic , Apple .
And you can also see here for Target , Wii , combine the <unk> and <unk> .
Now there 's playful marks and brands of conscious , those things that have gone and come on , but a <unk> brand is pretty powerful .
MS : A <unk> brand . What 's your brand ?
If someone asks you to get your identity identity , your brand personality personality , what would it be ?
Are you a bottom-up attribute ? Are you somebody who makes blood flow ?
Or are you rather a attribute of descending attribute ?
Would a little bit more quiet , reserved , conservative ?
The soft attributes are like being playful as being playful like Prince , contemporary , adventurous , challenged or audacious , like <unk> <unk> , fast or agile , profane , dominant , magic , <unk> or mystical .
Or are you rather than attribute ?
Are you conscious , sophisticated as <unk> ?
Are you established , traditional , provider , provider ? Do you tell you with Oprah ?
Are you reliable , stable , reliable , reliable , sacred , contemplative or wise , like the Dalai Lama or <unk> ?
In the course of this film , we had more than 500 companies and bottom-up and descending , who said , `` No , '' they did n't want to be part of this project .
They did n't want to have anything to do with this film , mostly because they would n't have control , they would n't have control over the final product .
They allowed us to tell the story of the <unk> , and we 've got to tell the story about this film in how they 're using MRI to identify the centers of desire in the brain that 's both commercial to be commercial for the movies .
We went to St. Paulo where they have banned outdoors .
All over the city over the last five years there is no fences , there 's no posters , no flyers .
And we went to school districts where businesses are getting along in schools with liquidity problems in the U.S .
The amazing thing to me is that the projects that I 've had the greatest answer , or that I 've been more successful , are the ones I 've interacted with things directly .
And that 's what these brands did .
<unk> the <unk> , they took their donor agencies , and they said maybe these agencies do n't have my best interest in mind .
I 'm going to treat an artist .
I 'm going to work with him to create something different , something that 's going to make people think of , which is going to challenge the way we look at the world .
And how did they go ? They succeeded ?
Well , since the movie was released in the Sundance Festival , let 's take a look .
According to the movie , the movie was released in January , and since then -- and this is not <unk> , we 've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film .
This is just a two-year period .
That 's just online -- no press , no TV .
The film is still not <unk> .
It 's still not online . It 's not in <unk> .
It 's not even shown in other countries still .
Ultimately , this film has already begun to win .
And it 's not wrong because most of the agencies that we 're talking about with their clients will not be part of .
I 've always believed that if you risk , if you take risks , that in those risks there are opportunities .
I think when you take the people out of that , it 's pushing them to the failure .
I think when you train their employees at risk aversion is preparing their entire company to be <unk> .
I feel that what 's going to happen to move forward is that we need to encourage people to take chances .
We need to encourage people who are not afraid of the opportunities that they can afford .
Ultimately , I think we 've got to make place to fear .
We have to put that bear in a cage .
I 'm afraid of fear . We 'll get the risk .
Of course , we have to embrace the risk .
And ultimately , we have to support transparency .
More than ever a bit of honesty is going to go a long way .
And I said this , with honesty , and transparency , all of my talk `` <unk> the Transparency '' has been introduced by my good friends of <unk> who for $ papers bought the rights of the name in <unk> .
<unk> : <unk> big data in great opportunities for companies around the world .
<unk> presents this Transparency .
Thank you very much .
June Cohen : So Morgan , on behalf of the transparency name that happened exactly with those dollars ?
MS : It 's an exceptional question .
In my pocket , I 've got a check for the name of the TED matrix , the Sapling Foundation , a check for a ticket to be applied to my TED attendance for the next year .
The idea behind the computer computer is actually very simple .
We do n't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb .
Their biggest asset for developing nuclear weapons is the <unk> <unk> plant .
The gray boxes that you see are real-time control systems .
If we managed to compromise these systems that control speeds and valves , we can cause a lot of problems with a centrifuge .
The gray boxes do n't use Windows 's software ; they 're from a completely different technology .
But if we were able to put an effective virus of Windows on a laptop used by an engineer in order to set up this gray box , then we 're ready .
This is the plan behind Stuxnet .
We started with an Windows Windows .
The <unk> joins the gray box , damages the centrifuge , and the Iranian nuclear program is <unk> ; I mission accomplished .
It 's easy , huh ?
I want to tell you how we discovered this .
When we started investigating about Stuxnet six months ago , the purpose was completely unknown .
The only thing that we knew is that it 's very , very complex on the Windows part : <unk> used multiple vulnerabilities <unk> .
It seemed like to do something with these gray boxes , these <unk> systems .
That was called attention , and we started an experiment where we infected our environment with Stuxnet , and we saw what was going on with this .
So they had very strange things .
Stuxnet behaves like a laboratory rat that did n't like our cheese -- it wave it , but I did n't want to eat .
I did n't make sense for me .
And after experimenting with different flavors of cheese , I realized , and I thought , `` This is a driven attack .
It 's completely driven . ''
The <unk> is actively looking at the gray box if it finds a specific configuration , and even if the program that 's trying to infect is actually working on that place .
If no , Stuxnet does n't do anything .
So that 's what I called my attention , and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day , because I thought , `` We do n't know what the goal is . ''
It could be , say , an American energy plant , or a chemical plant in Germany .
Well , better than we would take the target soon .
So we pulled out and we had the attack code , and we discovered that we were structured in two digital bombs : a small one .
And we also saw that they were very wealthy by people who obviously had all the information inside .
It will take all the points for me to attack .
You probably even know how far the operator matches .
So you know .
And if you 've heard that your Stuxnet 's <unk> is complex and high-tech , let me tell you , the payload is very complex .
It 's very above all that we 've seen before .
Here 's a sample of this code of attack .
We 're talking about about 15 thousand lines of code .
It looks pretty much like old language environment .
I want to tell you how we could find meaning in this code .
What we were looking at at the beginning were called the functions of the system , because we know what they do .
Then we were looking for <unk> and data structures and we were trying to <unk> them with the real world , with potential goals of the world .
We need theories about recipients that we could pass or <unk> .
To get to theories about goals , we remember that it 's definitely a violent <unk> , it should be a valuable white , and it 's probably located in Iran , because it 's where most infections have been <unk> .
You do n't find a number of thousands of targets in that area .
It basically boils down to the nuclear power plant and the <unk> plant of <unk> .
So I said to my assistant , `` Let 's get a list of all the experts in <unk> and plants of energy between our clients . ''
I called them and consulted them in an effort for <unk> their experience with what we found in code and data .
And it worked pretty well .
So we were able to associate the little digital <unk> with the control of rotor .
So rotor is that little mobile part in the centrifuge , that black object you see .
If you run the speed of this rotor , they certainly can <unk> and even make the centrifuge explode .
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and <unk> in an obvious way to make the nest maintenance engineers , so they could n't solve this very quickly .
We tried to figure out the big digital <unk> looking at very close to the data and their structures .
So , for example , the number <unk> shows up in that code , you ca n't get it away .
So I started investigating scientific literature about how these <unk> are built in <unk> and found that they 're structured in what 's called a waterfall , and every waterfall contains <unk> <unk> .
That made sense , there was a coincidence .
And it got better yet .
These <unk> in Iran are divided into 15 parts called stages .
And guess what we found in the attack code ?
It 's almost identical structure .
So again , that was a good coincidence .
This gave us a lot of confidence in understanding what we had between hands .
So there 's no misunderstanding -- it did n't .
The results have been achieved after several weeks of hard work .
That 's what we 're using in the dead ends , and we had to start again .
And yet , we discovered that both digital warheads were going to sign up to one single goal , but from different angles .
The small <unk> is taking a waterfall , and making the rotors and <unk> , and the big <unk> communicates with six waterfalls and manipulating valves .
In sum , we 're very confident that we 've determined what the intended person is .
It 's <unk> , and it 's just <unk> .
We should n't worry about that other targets are <unk> by Stuxnet .
I show you some very interesting things that we saw , really struck me .
There 's the gray box , and the above you see the <unk> .
What this thing does is then <unk> the input values of the sensors , for example , the pressure sensors and the vibration sensors and it provides legitimate code , which still runs during the attack , with false data out .
And believe it or not , these false input data is <unk> by Stuxnet .
It 's like in Hollywood movies where , during theft , the security camera feeds on <unk> video .
That 's great , cool ?
The idea here is obviously not just <unk> the operators in the control room .
It 's really much more dangerous and aggressive .
The idea is <unk> a digital security system .
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast .
For example , in an energy plant , when the large steam steam happens , you have to open <unk> valves in a millisecond .
Obviously , this ca n't make it a human operator .
That 's where we need digital security systems .
And when they 're engaged , then you can have bad things .
The plant can exploit .
And not <unk> or the security system will notice .
That scares me .
But it can be worse .
What I 'm going to say is very important .
Think about this . This is a generic attack .
It has nothing to do , specifically , with <unk> , with <unk> of uranium .
It could work too , for example , in an energy plant , or a car factory .
It 's generic .
And you do n't have -- as attacker , that disseminate this burden with a USB key , as we saw in the 17th case of Stuxnet .
You could also use conventional <unk> technology .
It would be more possible .
And if you made that , with what you 're suggesting is with a <unk> of mass destruction .
That 's the consequence that we have to face .
Unfortunately , the largest number of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East .
It 's in the United States and in Japan .
All the green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals .
We have to face the consequences , and we 'd better start making this way .
Thank you .
Chris Anderson : I have a question .
Ralph <unk> has been done in many sides that people assume that <unk> is the main entity behind this .
What 's your view ?
Ralph <unk> : Okay , really want to hear this ?
Yeah . Okay .
My view is that the <unk> is involved , but the engine is not Israel .
The motor behind this is cyber superpower .
There 's one , and that 's the United States , fortunately , fortunately .
Because otherwise our problems would be even bigger .
CA : Thank you for <unk> . Thank you , Ralph .
I want you to imagine a robot that you can carry , and it will give you <unk> abilities , or another one that makes users of wheelchair and put up and walk back .
In `` <unk> <unk> '' we call these robots , exoskeletons .
It 's not different than anything else you put in the morning , gives you a big force , which also increases your speed , and it helps you , for example , to handle the balance .
It 's actually the real integration of man and the machine .
But not only that -- it can integrate and connect it with the universe and with other foreign beings .
This is not an unreal idea .
In order to show you now what we 're working on , we started talking about the American soldier who , on average , has to carry on their back a <unk> charge , and he 's driven by getting even more equipment .
Obviously , this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back , 30 percent of the soldiers -- with a chronic head damage .
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help manage the issue .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> .
Soldier : With the exoskeleton <unk> , I can carry 90 pounds for variable land for many hours .
Their flexible design , allows you to get rid of crawling , and running movements with huge agility .
<unk> what I want to do , or where I want to go , and then raise my strength and my resistance .
<unk> <unk> : We 're ready , with our industrial partner , to produce this device , this new exoskeleton , this year .
So it 's a reality .
Let 's go back now the look at the users of wheelchairs , which I 'm particularly passionate about .
There are 68 million people , like , in wheelchairs , all over the world .
Like one percent of the world 's population .
And this is a really conservative calculus .
We talk about something that happens often , very young people , with damage to the spinal cord that when they start their life -- to the 20 , 30 or 40 years they collide with a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice .
We also talk about the population that are aging , which is increasing rapidly .
His only choice , many times -- through a brain injury or some complication -- is the wheelchair .
And this has been this for the last 500 years , from his successful emergence , as I must recognize .
So we decided to start by writing a new chapter on mobility .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> , which is using Amanda <unk> who is 19 years ago , and as a result of a result could n't go back for 19 years , so far .
Amanda <unk> : Thank you .
EB : Amanda is using our <unk> , I mentioned .
It has a few sensors .
<unk> is completely <unk> on crutches , and they send signals on board on board , here on the back .
There are some batteries that give power to the motors on the hips , and on the knees , and they make it up with this soft and very natural setting .
AB : I was 24 years at the top of my life when , by a strange leap in the air , skiing down at the bottom was paralyzed .
In a fraction of a second , I lost everything , and all the motion of the pelvis go down .
Shortly after , a doctor went into my room in the hospital , and he said , `` Amanda , you 'll never walk you . ''
That happened 19 years ago .
So I stole up to the last piece of hope of my self .
<unk> technology since then , has allowed me to learn how to <unk> it downhill in <unk> , climbing rocks , and I 'll even ride in hand bike .
But they have n't invented anything that allowed me to walk , so far .
Thank you .
EB : As you can see , we have the technology , we have the platforms for sitting and talk to you .
It 's in our hands , and we have all the potential here to change future generations -- not just soldiers , but Amanda , and all of the users of the wheelchair , everybody .
AB : Thank you .
I just returned from a community that has the secret of human survival .
It 's a place where women have the baton , practice sex to say hello , and play is the order of the day -- where fun is serious .
And no , it 's not the festival of <unk> or San Francisco .
Ladies and gentlemen , you know their cousins .
This is the world of the wild bonobos in Congo forests .
The bonobos are , along with the chimps , their living lives more close .
That means that we all share a common ancestry , an evolutionary grandmother , who lived about six million years ago .
Now the chimps are known for their assault .
But unfortunately , we 've made too much emphasize on this aspect in our narratives of human evolution .
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin .
Whereas the chimps are dominated by a big , terrifying , terrifying , society society is in charge of females with power .
These guys have created something special , because this leads to a very tolerant society where violence has still been observed .
But unfortunately , the bonobos are the least <unk> of the great apes .
They live in the depths of the rainforest , and it 's been very difficult to study them .
The Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty , but also the heart of the <unk> -- scenario of a violent conflict that has been extended for decades and caused almost so many deaths like First World War .
It 's no wonder that this destruction will also put in danger the Bonobo survival .
The hunting meat and deforestation make you ca n't fill a stadium with the bonobos , and honestly , we 're not sure of it .
However , in this land of violence and chaos you can hear the laughter hidden in the trees .
Who are these cousins ?
We know them as the apes `` make love , not the war , '' because they have frequent sex , <unk> and bisexual to handle conflict and solve social problems .
I 'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the Bonobo 's life is more than the <unk> <unk> .
The bonobos , like humans , love to play throughout their lifetime .
Play is not just a kid 's game .
For us , and for them , the game is critical to establish ties and encourage tolerance .
And with him we learn to trust , and we learn the rules of play .
The game increases creativity and resilience and has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions , diversity of behaviors , diversity of connections .
And when you look at the Bonobo game is the evolutionary roots themselves from laughter , dance and human ritual .
The game is the glue that unites us .
I do n't know how you play you , but I want to show you a couple of unique videos just taken from the wild .
First , it 's a <unk> game , and I 'm not talking football .
Here 's a female and a young male in the middle of a chase .
Look what she 's doing .
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase , `` You 've got it <unk> . ''
I just believe that in this case he loves it , right ?
Yeah .
So the sex game is common both in bonobos as well as humans .
And this video really is really interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the ingenuity of bringing elements unusual elements -- like <unk> and also how play requires trust and foster trust -- and at the same time it 's the most fun .
But the game is <unk> .
The game is <unk> , you can take a lot of ways , some of which are more <unk> , imaginative , curious -- maybe the place where the wonder would be .
And I want you to see -- this is <unk> , a young female , who 's playing with water worried .
I think , like she , sometimes we do , sometimes we 're playing alone , and we explore the boundaries of our inner worlds and outside .
And it 's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore , to interact . And then the unexpected connections that we have are the real <unk> of creativity .
These are just small samples of the understanding that the Bonobo gives us our past and present .
But they also have a secret to our future , a future where we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world and more difficult to cooperation .
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities .
In other words , the game is our <unk> .
In order to be successful for success to a world that changes we need to play .
But will we be able to get our own ability to play ?
The game is not frivolous .
The game is essential .
For bonobos and humans alike , life is not just cruel and ruthless .
When it seems less appropriate to play , it can be the moments that it 's most urgent .
So , fellow primates , let 's embrace this gift of evolution and play together as we fill creativity , friendship and wonder .
Thank you .
In New York , I 'm responsible for a development of a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood .
When I 'm not fighting poverty , <unk> fires as a captain of the captain in a volunteer body fire .
And in our city , where the volunteers allies a highly skilled staff , you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to get into action .
I remember my first fire .
I was the second volunteer on the site , so I had a pretty high chance of going .
But there was still a race race standing against the other volunteers to get to the captain in charge and figure out what our homework was .
When I found the captain , I was <unk> in a conversation with the owner that was certainly going through one of the worst days of his life .
We were at the middle night , she was standing outside in the rain , under an umbrella , in an umbrella , in an umbrella , while his house was on fire .
The other volunteer I had just arrived before me , <unk> <unk> , got first to the captain , and he asked him to go inside and she would save the dog owner .
The dog ! I was <unk> at the !
There was a lawyer or <unk> of money that , during the rest of his life , he would have to tell people that he walked into a building on fire to save a living , just because he won for five seconds .
Well , I was the following .
The captain made me a <unk> .
He said , `` Bezos , I need between the house .
I need to go up , put the fire , and brings this woman a pair of shoes . ''
I swear .
It was n't exactly what I expected , but I went down the stairs , at the end of the hallway , went to the <unk> department , ' that at that height , I 'd just finished off the fire and went into the main room for a pair of shoes .
I know what you 're thinking , but I 'm not a hero .
I took my payload back through the staircase where I met my <unk> and the beautiful dog on the front door .
We got out of the house , the treasures for the house owner , where he was waiting , his treasure received a lot more attention than mine .
A few weeks later , the department received a letter from the <unk> owner of the brave effort to save his house .
And the kindness that she looked at on the other was that somebody had reached even a pair of shoes .
Both my calling at Robin Hood , who was so much on my calling as a volunteer firefighter , I 'm a witness of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale , but also in grace of grace and courage to the individual level .
And you know what I learned ?
It all has its importance .
So , when I look in this room , people who have achieved , or they 're about to get , remarkable levels of success , I 'd like to remind you of this : Do n't wait .
Do n't wait to win the first million to make a difference in somebody 's life .
If you have something to give , let 's go away .
They ate food in a dining room , <unk> a park in the neighborhood .
They 're mentors .
Not every day we 're going to have the opportunity to save someone 's life , but every day we will be able to influence someone 's life .
So you go into the game ; I 'll get the shoes .
Thank you .
Bruno Giussani : Mark , Mark , comes back .
Mark Bezos : Thank you .
This may seem strange , but I 'm a big fan of the concrete block .
The first concrete blocks of concrete are built in chip with a very simple idea : cement of a fixed measure that fit each other .
Very quickly , these became the most used building unit in the world .
They 've been allowed to build things larger than us , like buildings or bridges , a brick at the time .
Essentially , these blocks have become the pillars of our time .
Nearly about a hundred years later , in 1947 , we had to stumble upon this .
It was called the machine assembly .
And in a few years , the brick building came to all the homes .
It 's estimated that you 've made more than 400 billion or 75 blocks per person on the planet .
You do n't have to be an engineer to build beautiful bridges , buildings or houses .
Realizing made it accessible .
Realizing simply adopted the concrete block , the favorite in the world , and it became a fundamental piece of our imagination .
Meanwhile , exactly that same year , in Bell labs , the next revolution was about <unk> : the new building block .
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that led us from a world of aesthetic bricks , stacked to each other to a world where everything was interactive .
Like the concrete block , the transistor allows it to create much bigger and more complex circuits , a brick at the time .
But there is a main difference : the transistor was just for experts .
I personally do n't accept it , that the building blocks of our time are reserved for experts , so I decided to change it .
Eight years ago , when I was at the Media Lab , I began to explore the idea of bringing the power of the engineers to the hands of artists and designers .
A few years ago , I started developing <unk> .
I 'm going to show you how they work .
<unk> are electronic modules each with a specific function .
They 're <unk> to be light , sound , motors and sensors .
And the best thing about all is that they join together by magnets .
So you ca n't be placed in a wrong way .
The bricks have a color code .
The green is the <unk> , the pink is the input , and the orange is the orange one .
So you only have to assemble a blue one , and you can very quickly start making bigger circuits .
A blue one with a green produce light .
We can put a button in the middle , and we have a regulator button .
If we change the button by a module , which is here , and now we have a light bulb .
So let 's get this timbre to create more impact , and we have a noise machine .
I 'm going to stop this .
So beyond simple play , <unk> are actually very powerful .
Instead of having to program and connect and screw , <unk> allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures .
To make faster blink or slower , you simply tour this button that makes the pulse faster or slower .
The idea behind <unk> is that it 's a growing collection .
We want all the interactions that all interactions in the world will be thrown into bricks and ready to use .
<unk> , sounds , solar panels , motors ; everything has to be accessible .
We 've given <unk> kids to see them play with them .
And it 's been an amazing experience .
The best thing is how they start to understand the electronics of every day you do n't learn in schools .
For example , how it works a daylight , or why the elevator door is kept open , or how an iPod responds to touch .
We 've also led to <unk> the design schools .
So , for example , designers without any experience in electronics start playing with <unk> as a material .
So here you can see , with paper bottles and felt , we have <unk> creating ...
( metal noise ) A few weeks ago , we took to <unk> the designers of Rhode Island School of Design , who have no experience in engineering , just in cardboard and wood and paper , and we said , `` Do something .
Here 's an example of a project that has done , a <unk> cannon activated .
But wait , here comes my favorite project .
It 's a locust made of clay , which is afraid of darkness .
For these no engineers , <unk> became another material , electronics became another material .
And we want this material to be at the fingertips of everyone .
So , <unk> has open source .
You can visit the website , you can download all the design files and manufacture .
We want to encourage a world of creators , inventors and collaborators , because this world we live in , this interactive world , is ours .
So go ahead and invent .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries .
I work in the solar technology industry .
And my little company is looking for getting involved in the environment .
distributed collaboration .
This is a little video of what we do .
Hmm . Wait a moment .
You can take a little bit to charge .
We can -- we can go ahead and we better leave the video at one side .
No .
This is not ...
All right .
The solar technology is ...
Oh , I 'm about time ?
All right . Thank you very much .
A couple of years ago , I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that they 're supposed to do ; we asked them to work in government .
The initiative was called <unk> for America ' and they would be like some <unk> Peace .
We had a few members each year , and we put them working with the municipalities .
Instead of sending them to the Third World we send them to the wild world .
They made applications ; they worked with the city employees .
Their task is to show the possibilities of today 's technology .
So to meet Al .
It 's a fire hydrant from the city of Boston .
Here 's how if you could look at a date , but what it really looks for is that someone clean up when you get caught by the snow because he knows it 's not very good at <unk> fires when it 's covered with a meter of snow .
How did he ask for help in this way so singular ?
Last year in Boston , we had a team of <unk> for America .
They were there in February , and they were there a lot like last year .
They realized that the city never wiped these hydrants .
But one of the members called Erik <unk> noticed something more : that citizens <unk> with shovels the right sidewalks in front of them .
So he made a good programmer , I developed an app .
It 's a nice application where you can take a hydrant .
You accept cleaning it up , and you 're going to get it .
When you do that , you put a name , in this case he put him in .
If you do n't do it , someone can <unk> them .
So it has a players ' component .
It 's a modest application .
Maybe it 's the smallest of the 21 given applications that last year .
But it does something that no other technology has achieved .
And it spread up viral .
A responsible system responsible for systems of the city in Honolulu , realized that he could use it , not for snow , but for the citizens to make <unk> .
It 's very important that they work these <unk> of the tsunami , but people get batteries .
So he tells citizens to control .
And then Seattle decided to use it to make the citizens I 'm going to do a blindfolded .
And Chicago just throwing people down to get the people down to clean sidewalks up sidewalks .
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it .
And this has been spreading without friction , otherwise organic and natural .
If you know a little government technology , you know that this does n't normally happen .
The acquisition of software usually takes a couple of years .
Last year in Boston , we had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months .
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children .
Then they told us that I had done the normal channels , it would have taken at least two and a half million dollars .
And that 's nothing .
Now there 's a project in the power of California , that in the time , it 's going to be five billion dollars and it does n't work .
And there are projects like this at every level of government .
So an app that 's going on in a couple of days and it spreads into viral shape is a kind of warning shot at the institution of government .
It suggests the best way to work , not as in private companies , as many people think it should be .
Nor as a technological company , but rather like the Internet itself .
I mean , without restrictions , it 's open and generative .
And that 's important .
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents the way that we approach the issue of the government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of an institution , but as a collective action problem .
And that 's really good because it turns out that we 're very good at collective action with digital technology .
And there 's a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy .
And it 's not only <unk> for America , but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities .
They have n't given up with the government .
They feel a big frustration to that , but they do n't complain , they manage it .
And these people know something we 've lost in sight .
And it 's that if we leave the feelings about politics , the line in the <unk> -- <unk> <unk> , and all of those other things that put us crazy , the government is essentially in the words of Tim <unk> : `` What we do together because alone we ca n't . ''
Now , many people have abandoned the government .
If you 're one of those people , I would ask you to do it , because things are changing .
Politics does n't change ; the government does .
And because the government ultimately made of us -- remember , `` We , the people , '' and the way you think about it will affect the way to produce change .
I did n't know a lot of government when I started with this .
And as a lot of people thought the government was to choose people to take the charges .
Well , after two years , I 've come to the conclusion that the government is , especially about <unk> .
This is the telephone phone care center of services and information .
It 's the place that serves the calls if you mark close in America .
Scott <unk> this call .
He entered the official knowledge base .
I did n't find anything . He started with animal control .
And he finally said , `` Hey , you can open the door to the house , put it right and see if you go ? ''
And it worked . So Scott 's fine .
But that was n't the end of the <unk> .
Boston does n't have a call center .
It has an app , web and mobile , called <unk> <unk> .
I did n't take that app .
It was the work of very smart people from the Office of New Boston architects .
One day , this actually happened , this request : `` <unk> in my garbage . I do n't know if it 's dead .
How do I do to leave you ? ''
The dynamics of <unk> <unk> is different .
Scott was talking to people .
In <unk> <unk> , ' it 's all public , so everybody can see this .
In this case , he saw it a neighbor .
The next report said , `` I came up to the place , I found the bucket of behind the house .
<unk> ? Yes . lived ? Yes .
I turned the cube . I went home .
Good evening , sweet <unk> . ''
Quite simple .
This is great . It 's the confluence of digital and physical .
And it 's also a great example of the income of government to distributed voluntary collaboration .
But it 's also a great example of government as a platform .
And I do n't necessarily mean the definition of technological technology .
I 'm talking about a platform for people to join and help others .
So , a citizen helped another but here the government had a key part .
He connected to two people .
And it could be connected with the government services of being necessary but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services .
When one neighbor helps each other , <unk> the communities .
If we call animals control , that costs a lot of money .
One important thing we have to think about government is that it 's not the same thing as politics .
Many people understand it , but you think you 're the input from the other .
That our entry to the government system is the vote .
How many times have you sometimes chosen a political leader ? Sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader , and then we hope that the government reflects our values and it will satisfy our needs , but then we do n't see changes .
That 's because the government is like an immense ocean , and the politics is the surface of the <unk> .
Underneath is what we call bureaucracy .
And we say that word with a lot of contempt .
But it 's that contempt of what keeps that that belongs to us that we finance as something that is operating on our against , that other thing , and we 're just losing power .
People believe that politics is sensual .
If we want this institution to work , we will have to make the bureaucracy that it is sensual .
Because it 's where the real job of government occurs .
We need to collaborate with the machinery of government .
That makes the <unk> movement .
Have you seen them ?
It 's a group of citizens worried that they 've written a very detailed report of 325 pages in response to the order of <unk> .
That 's not political activism , it 's bureaucratic activism .
And for those of us who have been faced with the government , it 's time for us to ask what world we want to leave to our kids .
You have to see the huge challenges that they will face .
Do you really believe that we will have to go where we have to go and solve the institution that can be on behalf of all ?
We ca n't do without government , we need it to be more effective .
The good news is that technology is possible to root the function of government , so that it can expand strengthening civil society .
There 's a generation that grew up with the Internet , and it knows that it 's not so hard to act on it , you just have to articulate systems in the right way .
The average age of our members is 28 years old , and so reluctantly , I am a generation more than a lot of them .
This is a generation that has grown up by taking the word and giving that almost for granted .
They 're not giving that battle that all of us are going to talk about ; everyone will talk .
They can express your views in any channel at the same time and do it .
So when the government problem does n't care so much to hear their voices .
They 're using their hands .
They make the work to program applications that make the government work better .
And those applications allow us to use our hands to improve our communities .
It can be cleaning up a hydrant , taking out weeds and dumping a garbage that has a <unk> inside .
Of course , we could always have cleaned those hydrants and a lot of people do it .
But these applications are like a digital adviser who 's not only consumers , we 're not only consumers , we 're not only consumers that we have <unk> and get services .
We are more than that : we are citizens .
And we 're not going to fix the government until it does n't bring citizenship .
So I want to ask everyone here , when it comes to the important things that we have to do together , all together , will be a crowd of voices , or are we going to be a crowd of hands ?
Thank you .
This is to me a real honor .
I 've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and the death row .
I 've spent most of my life in <unk> communities , projects and places where there 's a lot of despair .
And I 'll be here at TED watching , and hearing these stimuli has given me a lot of energy .
One of the things I 've noticed in this short time , is that TED has identity .
And the things that are told here are impact around the world .
Occasionally , if something comes from TED , it makes sense and a force that would n't have otherwise otherwise .
I 'm saying this because I think identity is important .
Here we have seen fantastic presentations .
And I think we 've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense , but if you teach with feeling , they can have a special meaning .
A doctor can do good things , if it 's <unk> , it can get a lot more .
So I want to talk about the power of identity .
I did n't really learn this in the practice of the right , my job .
I learned that from my grandmother .
I grew up in a traditional family of an African-American family dominated by a matriarch that was my grandmother .
It was hard , it was strong , it had power .
It was the last word in all discussion in the family .
She initiated many of the <unk> in our home .
He was a daughter of people who had been slaves .
Their parents were born in slavery in Virginia , in Virginia .
She was born on the 1880s and his experience with slavery , the way I saw the world .
She was hard , but she was also loving .
When I was a little kid , and I looked at it , she came up to me and he gave me a good hug .
I got so hard that I could barely breathe , and then I dropped away .
One or two hours later , I went back to look at it , and I was like , `` Do you still feel my hug ? ''
And if he told him no , I 'm grabs again , and if he said yes , I 'd leave me in peace .
I had this human quality that would always make you want to be close to her .
The only problem is that I had 10 children .
My mother was the least 10 .
And sometimes when I was going to spend a time with her , it was n't easy to capture their time and their attention .
My cousins were running around .
I remember when I was eight , nine years old , I woke up one morning , I went to the room , and there were all my cousins .
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me .
At first , I thought it was a game .
So he looked at her and smiles , but she was very serious .
After 15 20 minutes , she got up , went through the room , took me out and said , `` You see <unk> . We 're both going to talk to me . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday .
I 'll never forget it .
It took me outside , and he said , `` Let me tell you something , but you ca n't tell anybody . ''
I said , `` Okay , Mama . ''
She said , `` Now let 's not do it . '' I said , `` Sure . ''
Then I sat down , and he said , `` I want you to know I 've been watching . ''
And he said , `` I think you 're special . ''
He said , `` I think you can do whatever you want . ''
I 'll never forget it .
Then he said to me , `` I just want you to get three things out of it , <unk> . ''
I said , `` Sure , Mama . ''
And he said , `` The first thing I want you to do is you always want your mother . ''
<unk> : `` She 's my <unk> , and you have to <unk> that always <unk> . ''
As I loved my mom , I said , `` Yes , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
Then he said to me , `` The second thing I want to do is that you 're always going to do the right thing , although the right thing is how hard . ''
I thought , and I said , `` Yes , Mama . So I 'll do it . ''
Then he finally said , `` The third thing I want you to do is that you 're never <unk> alcohol . ''
I was nine years old , and I said , `` Yes , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
I grew up in the field , in the South rural , I have a older brother and a sister a year smaller .
When I was 14 15 , one day my brother came home with a six beers pack , I do n't know where he pulled it out , grabbed me up to my sister and we went to the forest .
We 're just doing the <unk> .
He took a taste of beer , offered my sister , she took a little and offered me to me .
I said , `` No , no , no . All right . You go , but I 'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said , `` Come on . You 're going to get it right now , and you always do the same thing as us .
I took something , your sister too . Take a beer . ''
I said , `` No . I did n't feel good . You can go . ''
Then my brother looked at me .
And he said , `` What happens ? Take a beer . ''
He turned her home and he went on , `` Oh , I 'm not going to be thinking about the conversation with Mama . ''
I said , `` What are you talking about ? ''
He said , `` Mama , Mama tells all the grandchildren that are special . ''
I got broken .
I have to admit something to you .
I 'll tell you something that I probably should n't say .
I know this will spread widely .
But I 'm over 52 years , and I can admit that I 've never taken a drop of alcohol .
I do n't say this thinking that it 's a virtue ; I 'm saying it for the power of identity .
When we create the right type of identity , we say things to others that they do n't really see it .
We ca n't get them to do things that do n't believe to be able to do .
I think that my grandmother was creating that all his grandchildren were special .
My grandfather had been in prison during the ban .
My uncles died of age-related diseases .
And these were the things that , according to her , had to commit ourselves .
Now , try to talk about our criminal justice system .
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago .
In 1972 , there were 300,000 prisoners .
There are 2.3 million today .
In America , we have the largest incarceration rate of the world .
We have seven million people on probation .
And this massive incarceration , in my view , has fundamentally changed our world .
In poor communities or black communities , you find so much <unk> , so much despair , determined by these facts .
One of three black black people in between 18 and 30 is in jail or freedom .
In the urban <unk> of the country , Los Angeles , Philadelphia , Baltimore , Washington , 50 to 60 percent of all young men in color are in prison or in probation .
Our system is not only distorted in front of race , it 's also about poverty .
In this country , we have a criminal justice system that 's much better about whether you 're rich and guilty , if you 're poor and innocent .
It 's not guilt , but wealth <unk> the results .
And it looks like we feel very quiet .
The politics of fear and anger makes us believe that these are not problems .
We are disconnected .
It 's interesting to me .
We 're looking at our work , some pretty curious developments .
In my state , in Alabama , as well as in other states , you would give you rights for always if you have a criminal sentence .
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote .
And if you toss it to the next 10 years , the level of loss of rights will be as high as it was going to pass the law from the right to vote .
We have this amazing silence .
I represent kids .
Many of my clients are very young .
America is the only country in the world where they sentence to age 13 to die in prison .
We have this prison country for children , without chance of coming out .
We 're right now in some litigation .
The only country in the world .
I represent people in death row .
This issue of death row is interesting .
Do you really tell us that the final question is , people deserve to die by <unk> <unk> ?
A very sensitive question .
But you can think differently about how we 're in our identity .
There 's another way to look at it : It 's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for the crimes , but if we deserve to kill .
This is interesting .
The death row in America is defined by error .
From every nine executed people , he has identified one which is innocent and released from death row .
A mistake of error , amazing .
This is interesting .
aviation would never allow any aircraft to ever fly if every nine to take off , one would have been crashing .
But we somehow isolate the problem .
It 's not our problem .
It 's not our charge .
It 's not our fight .
I talk a lot about these things .
I 'm talking about race and this issue of if we deserve to kill .
It 's interesting that in my classes with African-American history , I 'm talking about slavery .
I talk about terrorism , the time it started at the end of the reconstruction , and it lasted to World War II .
We really do n't know a lot about this .
But for the black Americans in this country , it was a very defined time by terror .
In many communities , people were afraid to be <unk> .
They were worried about being bombarded .
The terror threat of terror was what their lives defined .
Now there are older people who come to me and tell me , `` Mr. Stevenson , you teach talks , makes speeches , <unk> people who stop saying that in our history we deal with terrorism , after the <unk> . ''
They ask me to say , `` No . Say , `` No . ''
The age of terrorism went on , obviously , with segregation , and decades of race and a few decades of racial and <unk> .
In this country , we have a dynamic that we do n't like to talk about our problems .
We do n't like to talk about our story .
And that 's why we have n't understood the meaning of what we 've historically done .
So all the time we collide with each other .
We constantly created tensions and conflict .
It costs us work to talk about races , I think it 's because we 're not willing to commit them to a process of truth and reconciliation .
In South Africa , people understood that they could n't overcome the segregated segregated without a commitment to truth and reconciliation .
In Rwanda , even before the genocide had this commitment , but in this country we have n't done it .
I was in Germany giving talks about the death penalty .
It was fascinating , because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said , `` You know , you know that it 's quite worrying to hear what you say . ''
<unk> : `` We do n't have death row in Germany .
So naturally , we 'll never be able to get it here . ''
The room was silent and a lady said , `` There is no way that we have our history , we can never get into the systematic death of human beings .
It would be irrational that we , intentional and deliberately put to execute people . ''
Let 's talk about this .
How will I feel like a nation where a nation like Germany , would screw it to people , especially if they were in their most Jews ?
We could n't tolerate it .
It would be irrational .
And yet , there 's this disconnect .
I think our identity is in danger .
If we do n't really care about these difficult issues , the positive and wonderful things are , yet involved .
We love innovation .
We 're fascinated with technology . We will deal with creativity .
We love entertainment .
But lately , those realities are <unk> by suffering , abuse , degradation , <unk> .
In my view , you need to integrate both of these things .
So lately we talked about the need for more hope , more engagement , more dedication to the basic challenges of the life of this complex world .
I think that means spending more time thinking about the poor , the <unk> , the ones that never come to TED .
Think about them , in a way , something that 's inside of us .
It 's true that we have to believe in issues that we have n't seen .
So we are . In spite of being so rational , so engaged with the intellectual .
With innovation , with creativity , development is not just about brain ideas .
These things come from ideas , also because of the heart of the heart .
This connection from the mind with the heart is what drives us to look at not just how brilliant and dazzling , but also in the dark and the hard thing .
Vaclav <unk> , the great Czech leader , talking about this .
He said , `` When we were in East Europe suffering , we wanted all sorts of things , but mostly what we needed was hope and orientation for spirit , a will for being in places of despair and witness . ''
Well , that orientation for the spirit is pretty much at the heart of what I think , even in communities as TED , should commit us .
There 's no disconnect with technology and design , which allowed us to be truly human if we do n't pay attention to poverty , to exclusion , to inequality , to injustice .
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things .
We go back to find them .
I had the great privilege , being a very young lawyer , to meet Rosa Parks .
These women would gather together to talk .
Occasionally , the <unk> lady called me , to tell me , `` <unk> , there 's Mrs. Parks . We 're going to bring us to talk .
Do you want to come and listen ? ''
And I said , `` Yes ma'am . I do want . ''
So she said , `` Well , what are you going to do when you come ? ''
I answered , `` <unk> . ''
So I was going and I was listening .
It was very <unk> , very <unk> .
And on one occasion , I was there , listening to these ladies , and after a couple of hours , Mrs. Parks went to me and said , `` Now , <unk> , give me this idea of equal justice .
Tell me what you 're trying to do . ''
And I started giving my speech .
I said , `` Well , we 're trying to question injustice .
We try to help those who have been convicted of wrongfully convicted .
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the management of criminal justice .
We try to end the sentences of life , without the freedom of probation for the children .
We try to do something about the death penalty .
We try to reduce the population in jails .
We try to end the <unk> . ''
I gave him my best speech , and at the end of my best speech , and he looked at me and said , `` Oh , `` <unk> ! ''
And he said , `` <unk> exhausted , <unk> . ''
At that moment , Mrs. <unk> stood up , put my finger on the face and said , `` That 's why you have to be very but very brave . ''
I think that actually , the TED community has to be a lot more <unk> .
We need to figure out how to deal with those challenges , those problems , that suffering .
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others .
I 've learned some very simple things in my work .
I 've been educated on simple things .
I 've come to understand and believe that each of us is higher to the worst that we 've ever made .
I think that 's true for everybody on the planet .
I 'm convinced if someone says a lie , it 's not because it 's a liar .
I 'm sure if someone takes something that does n't belong , it 's not a thief .
Even if someone kills another , it 's not a killer .
So I think there 's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by the law .
I also believe that in many parts of this country and certainly , in many parts of the world , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
That 's not .
I really think that in many parts of poverty is justice .
And finally , I think it 's very dramatic , very beautiful , very beautiful , very <unk> , very stimulating , we wo n't judge our technology , by our designs , or the intellectual capacity or rational .
In the end , you judge the character of a society , not the way they deal with the rich , powerful and privileged , but the way they treat the poor , the people , the prisoners .
Because it 's in this context as we start to understand truly profound things about what we are .
Sometimes I 'm broken . I 'm going to end up with a story .
Sometimes I make too much force .
<unk> tired , like everyone .
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my stories , in a very important way .
I 've been representing these kids who have been convicted of a lot of toughness .
I 'm going to jail , and I look at my 13 and 14 years , which have been <unk> for them as adults .
And I start thinking , how can it be ?
How can a judge make someone who is not ?
The judge <unk> it as an adult , but I see a kid .
One night I was very late thinking -- God , if the judge can turn you into something you 're not , you have to have magical powers .
Yes , <unk> , the judge has magical powers .
You should ask some of that .
As I was too late , I could n't think correctly , but I started working on a <unk> .
I had a 14-year-old customer , a little poor , black .
I started working on the <unk> , with a <unk> that said , `` <unk> for my black client for 14 , whether it 's treated as a master in Britain of 75 , executive from a corporation . ''
In <unk> , I put there who have been foraging behavior in the accusation , in the behavior of the police and in the process .
There was a bold line of how in this country , there is no ethics , but a lack of ethics .
The next morning , I woke up thinking about that <unk> <unk> would be a dream , or actually I wrote it ?
For my horror , I had not only <unk> it , but I had sent it to court .
It took about two months , I had forgotten it .
And I finally decided -- God , I have to go to the court for this stupid case .
I got into the car , and I was really overwhelmed , overwhelmed .
I went into the court to court .
I thought this would be very difficult and pitiful .
I finally dropped out of the car . I walked to court .
I was going up the stairs when I found myself with a older black man ; it was the court superintendent .
When he saw me , he came up to me and said , `` Who is you ? ''
I said , `` I 'm a lawyer . '' He replied , `` It 's you a lawyer ? '' I said yes .
So I approached it and hugged me .
And I whispered into the ear .
He said , `` I 'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that that was <unk> .
That connected deeply with me , with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope .
Well , I went into audiences .
When I was in , the judge saw me .
And he said , `` Mr. Stevenson , you have written this bold <unk> ? ''
I said , `` Yeah , Mr. went . '' And we started to argue .
People started arriving . They were all mad .
I was the one who had written those crazy things .
The cops got the police officers , the auxiliary .
Suddenly , without knowing how , the room was filled with people , they 're all furious because we talked about races , because we talked about poverty , because we talked about inequality .
With the <unk> of the eye , I was going to see the concierge that went and came .
I would look at the window , and you 'll hear all of that <unk> .
I kept walking over here and there .
Finally , this old black man , with a face of concern , went into the room and sat behind me , almost at the table of lawyers .
About 10 minutes later , the judge hears a break .
During the break , a former assistant showed him upset because scientist had entered the room .
The assistant <unk> over the old black black .
And he said , `` Jimmy , what do you do in the room of audiences ? ''
And the old black he stood up , and he looked at the assistant , and he looked at me and said , `` I went into this room of audiences to tell this young man to keep his view in the <unk> . ''
I 've come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very large , but it folds up to justice .
That we can not really be human beings if we care about human rights and for dignity .
That our survival is linked to each other .
That our visions of technology , design , entertainment and creativity have to bind for brotherhood , compassion and justice .
And above all , to those of you who share this , I just want to tell you that keep the view in the <unk> goal .
Thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You just hear and see an obvious desire from the audience , from this community , to help in your purposes , to do something .
Something that 's not a check . What can we do ?
<unk> : There are several opportunities nearby .
If you live in the state of California , for example , there will be a <unk> this spring in which you 're going to make an effort to fund the funds that are spent today in punishment policies .
For example , here in California , you 're going to spend a billion dollars on death row , in the next five years . A billion dollars .
And despite this , 46 percent of the homicide cases would not be <unk> in arrests .
56 percent of rapes do n't come to anything .
Here 's a chance of change .
This <unk> is going to come up with these funds to make the law , to the security .
I think there 's a very close opportunity .
CA : There 's been a huge decrease in crime in the United States , in the last three decades .
Part of the explanation , it 's told you have to do with the highest incarceration rate .
What would you say to people who believe that that is ?
<unk> : Actually , the crime rate has remained relatively stable .
The vast growth in mass incarceration in this country is not for crimes of violence .
It 's the wrong war against drugs .
That 's why this dramatic increase in the prison population .
And we let us convince the rhetoric of punishment .
We have three legal causes to bring people into a life chain ; by stealing a bicycle , for small crimes against property , rather than making them overcome those resources to their victims .
I think we need to do more to help the victims of <unk> and not less .
It seems to me that our current philosophy on punishment does nothing for anyone .
I think that 's the orientation that has to change .
CA : <unk> , you 've been very keen today .
You 're very inspiring .
Thank you very much for having come to TED . Thank you .
<unk> : They grow the threats by bin Laden 's death .
<unk> 2 : <unk> in Somalia . <unk> 3 : The police throw spray spray .
<unk> <unk> : <unk> <unk> . <unk> <unk> : <unk> <unk> .
<unk> <unk> : <unk> <unk> : 65 died .
<unk> <unk> : <unk> . <unk> 9 : <unk> .
Several <unk> : <unk> . There 's massive drug .
Recession . <unk> . <unk> . Egypt . Syria .
Crisis . Death . <unk> .
Oh , my God !
Peter Diamandis : These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months -- <unk> could be the last six days or the last six years .
The idea is that press media prefer <unk> news because our minds pay attention to them .
And that responds to a very good reason .
In every second of each day , our senses get many more data than the brain probably can process .
And as nothing matters is more than survive , the first stop of all of that data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called the amygdala .
The amygdala is our early warning detector , the danger detector .
<unk> and records all the information looking for something in the environment that could be hurt .
And so from a <unk> of stories , I would look at the negative .
That old saying of the press , `` If there 's blood , it sells , '' it 's very true .
And because all the digital devices provide us with negative news , the seven days of the week , 24 hours a day , no wonder that we are pessimistic .
It 's not surprising that people think that the world is going to be worse .
But maybe it 's not like that .
Maybe instead , what 's really happening is we got <unk> .
Perhaps progress is done in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades .
I 'm not saying we do n't have our good problems : climate change , species of species , water scarcity , water scarcity , and no doubt we have them .
As human beings , we 're very good at <unk> the problems , and , in the long , we end up with them .
Let 's take what happened in the last century to see where we go .
In the last hundred years , the average life of life has more than doubled , the average per capita income , for inflation has tripled in everybody .
Child mortality has brought down 10 times .
Also , the cost of food , of electricity , transportation and communications , has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times .
Steve Pinker showed us that we are living the most peaceful time in human history .
And Charles Kenny that the global literacy went from 25 to more than 80 percent in the last 130 years .
We 're really experiencing an extraordinary time .
A lot of people forget it .
And we continue to give us increasingly high expectations .
In fact , we redefined meaning of poverty .
Think about it today in America , much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity , water , toilets , refrigerators , television , air conditioning and cars .
The <unk> <unk> <unk> of the last century , the <unk> of the planet , would never have dreamed of a luxury .
It 's a lot of <unk> technology , and lately , its exponential growth .
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed you any tool that any tool that 's going on information technology jumps on this curve , Moore 's Law , and doubling the price of the price in about 12 to 24 months .
For that reason , the mobile phone that you have in our pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer from the '70s .
Now look at this curve .
It 's Moore 's Law for the last hundred years .
I want you to look at two things on this curve .
First , how soft it is -- in good times , in war and peace , in recession , in depression and booming .
It 's the speed of fast computers used to build computers faster .
It does n't stop in front of the great challenges .
And even though it 's <unk> on a law on the left , it goes up .
The growth rate of technology is getting faster .
And on this curve , to argue of Moore 's Law , there 's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today .
The computer in the cloud , which my friends call computers called infinite computing , sensors and networks , robotics , 3D printing and networks , robotics , 3D printing and distribute personalized production across the planet , synthetic biology , fuels , vaccines and food , digital medicine , nanomaterials , the A.I . .
I mean , how many of you saw the victory at Watson 's Jeopardy , from IBM ?
It was spade .
I looked in the paper the best headline I would have .
And I loved this : `` Watson <unk> to human opponents . ''
Jeopardy is not an easy game .
He plays with the nuances of human language .
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud , available to everybody on the cell phone .
Four years ago , here at TED , Ray Kurzweil and I , launched a new university called <unk> University .
We teach these technologies to our students , and in particular , how they can be used to solve the great challenges of humanity .
And every year we asked them to release a company , or a product or service , that can positively affect the lives of a billion people in a decade .
Think about that , the fact that a group of students today can impact the life of a billion people .
Thirty years ago , that would have been <unk> .
Today we can point out a <unk> of companies that have already done .
When I think about creating abundance , it does n't mean to create fancy life for every single planet , and it 's about creating a life of possible .
It 's about taking that to be scarce and making it plentiful .
You see , scarcity is contextual , and technology is a force that releases resources .
I 'll give you an example .
It 's a story of Napoleon 's story three in the <unk> .
He 's the guy on the left .
I invited the king of <unk> .
Napoleon 's troops ate with loads of silver , and the same Napoleon , covered with gold .
But the king of <unk> , ate with aluminum mold .
You see , aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet ; it 's worth the gold and platinum .
That 's why the tip of the '50s is aluminum .
You see , although aluminum is the 8.3 percent of the Earth 's mass , it does n't come as pure metal .
It 's tied for oxygen and <unk> .
But then he came up with the <unk> and made it something that was so cheap that we use it as if it was <unk> .
Let 's put this analogy towards the future .
Let 's think about energy scarcity .
Ladies and gentlemen , we are on a planet bathed for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year .
They get to the Earth 16 <unk> every 88 minutes .
It 's not about scarcity , but about affordability .
And there 's good news .
This year , for the first time , the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the diesel produced : We 're pulling rupees versus 17 rupees .
The cost of solar power fell 50 percent last year .
Last month , MIT published a study that shows that in the late 2000s in the United States , the solar parts of the United States will cost six cents an hour compared to the 15 cents of national average .
And if we have abundance of energy , we also have water abundance .
Let 's talk about the water wars .
Do you remember when Carl Sagan pointed the Voyager spacecraft on Earth , in 1990 , then that happened Saturn ?
So what was it called ?
`` A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a planet of water .
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent of water .
Yes , <unk> percent is saltwater ; two percent is ice , and we fight by 0.5 percent of the water on the planet , but also here is a hope .
It 's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years , but right now .
It comes the nanotechnology , the nanomaterials .
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning , one of the innovators in <unk> -- I 'd like to share with you , gave me permission to do that -- his technology called <unk> <unk> is the size of a small refrigerator .
It 's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water a day of any source , saltwater , polluted water , a <unk> for less than two cents a gallon .
The Coca-Cola president of Coca-Cola thought that I 'm going to make a major test for hundreds of these units in the developing world .
If that comes out well , and I have full confidence in which this is , Coca-Cola will implement it globally on the planet .
This is an innovation , which is why it exists today .
And we 've seen that on mobile phones .
My God , we 're going to get to 70 percent of the mobile penetration in the developing world for the end of 2013 .
Think about it , that <unk> warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya that President Reagan 25 years ago .
And , from having a smart mobile phone with Google , it has access to more knowledge and information that President Clinton took 15 years ago .
It lives in a world of abundance and communications that nobody could have predicted .
Better than that , the things that you and I have paid for tens of you and I have paid thousands of thousands of dollars <unk> , HD video , images , libraries of books and music , <unk> technology now <unk> and lose market value with mobile phones .
Maybe the best thing comes to you when you get the health applications .
Last month , I had the pleasure to announce with the <unk> Foundation , which is called the X <unk> <unk> Foundation , 10 million dollars .
We 're challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies on a mobile device with which they speak , and because it has the AI , you coughing , you can get a blood of your finger .
To win has to make better diagnostics than a medical team .
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors , where the morbidity of morbidity is 25 percent , and there are 1.3 percent of health workers .
When this device was attached to a RNA virus or DNA that does n't recognition , call the health care , and in the first place , to prevent the pandemic happening .
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance .
I call it the <unk> billion .
The white lines here are the population .
We 've just spent the mark from seven billion .
By the way , the best protection against the population explosion is to give the world of education and education .
In 2010 , we had less than two billion people online , connected .
By 2020 , go from two billion to five billion Internet users .
Three billion minds are never before heard that you add to the global conversation .
What will these people want ?
What do you mean ? What wishes will you have ?
And instead of economic collapse , we will have the greatest economic injection of history .
These people represent tens of billions of dollars in the global economy .
And more health care about the <unk> , of a better education with the Khan Academy , and because of using 3D prints and computation in the cloud will be more productive than ever before .
What can we provide three billion members of humanity , healthy , educated and productive ?
How about some voices never before heard ?
What if we give them the oppressed , wherever they are , a voice to be heard and could act for the first time ?
What did these three billion ?
What if they 're contributions we ca n't predict ?
One thing that I learned with the X Prize is that small teams , guided by their passion with a clear target , can do extraordinary things -- things that before you could only make the big corporations and the governments .
I 'm going to end with sharing a story that really got me excited .
There 's a program that maybe some of you know .
It 's called <unk> .
I went on at the University of Washington in Seattle .
It 's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein .
<unk> determine the structure and functionality .
It 's very important in medical research .
And so far , it was a <unk> problem .
They 've played with this college teachers , each other .
Then hundreds of thousands of people joined together and began to play it .
And it has been shown that the machinery of recognition machinery is better folding proteins than the best computers .
Ladies and gentlemen , what gives me a huge confidence in the future is that we have more power as people to take on the big challenge on the planet .
We have the tools with this exponential technology .
We have the passion of the innovator .
We have the <unk> of the <unk> .
And we have three billion new minds that we 've got to work on to work on the solution of big challenges and do what we should do .
We have for a few thousand extraordinary decades .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk about a very small idea .
The <unk> of the starting point .
And as the idea can be explained in a minute , I 'll give you three examples to do time .
The first story is about Charles Darwin , one of my heroes .
He was here , as you know , 1835 .
Maybe they thought he was going to go after finches , but it did n't .
They actually pick up fish .
And I described one of them as `` common . ''
It was grouper .
He caught it a lot up to the 1880s .
Now the fish is at the Red Cross of the IUCN .
But we 've heard this story a lot of times , about Galapagos and elsewhere , so that does n't have anything special .
But the case is we still came to the Galapagos .
We still think they 're <unk> .
<unk> still say it 's intact .
So what 's going on here ?
The second story also illustrates another concept : <unk> from the waist .
Because I was there in 1971 by studying a lagoon in West Africa .
I was there because I grew up in Europe , and then I wanted to work in Africa .
I thought it could be <unk> .
I burned a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I was n't there .
This is my first exhibition to the sun .
The lagoon was surrounded by palms , and as you can see , of the mangroves .
There were a couple of 20 centimeters , the tilapia of black beard .
And the fishery of this tilapia was very abundant , and it was happening for a good moment , so he became more than the average in Ghana .
When I was there 27 years later , the amount of fish had gone down to half .
I went down to the five inches .
It would take a genetic pressure .
There were still fish .
In a way , they were still happy .
And fish are still happy to be there .
I mean , nothing to change , but everything has changed .
My third story is that I was complicit in the introduction of Fisheries in Southeast Asia .
In the 1970s , well , we started in <unk> Europe , did a lot of development projects .
The fishing development was to impose countries that were already 100,000 fishermen , <unk> the industrial fishery .
And this boat , pretty ugly , was called <unk> 4 .
I went to fishing in it , and we did studies in southern China <unk> and , especially at the Java Sea .
What we captured was something <unk> .
<unk> , now , the bottom of the sea .
Ninety percent of what we captured were sponges , other animals that are in the bottom .
And most fish are tiny blobs on the remains , the remains that are fish coral reef .
In short , the sea bottom came on the deck and then was launched .
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast .
In a year , you do a study , and then you start the commercial fishing .
The background is going to be a solid coral background , in this case , to be a <unk> .
This is a dead turtle .
They did n't eat them . They wrote them because they were dead .
Once we had a living .
It was n't yet <unk> .
So they wanted to kill her because she was a good food .
This mountain of remains is what the fishermen are getting every time they go to an area where they 've never been fish .
But it 's not recorded .
We turn the world , but we do n't remember that .
I 'm going to start with the starting point , to the new level , without remembering what was there .
If you do this , something like this .
On the axis , we have good things : biodiversity , number of killer whales , the <unk> of the country , the water supply .
And that changes over time . It changes because people do things by <unk> .
Every generation will use the images , I 'm going to have received the first of their conscious life as the normal , and extrapolate forward .
The difference is that they perceive loss .
But they do n't perceive the loss that happened before .
You can analyze the accumulation of changes .
And in the end we keep miserable remains .
And that 's largely what we want to do now .
We want to keep things that are no longer , or they 're not what they were .
But you should think that this problem affects people when societies will kill people without knowing what they 've done to a few generations later .
Because obviously , an animal that 's very plentiful , before they go extinct , is rare .
You do n't lose plentiful animals .
You lose little animals .
Even if this is n't perceived as a big loss .
Over time , we focus on big animals , and in a synonymous with big fish .
They become very often , because we fished .
Over time there are few fish , but we think that 's the starting point .
And the question is , why do we accept this ?
Well , because we do n't know it was different .
In fact , a lot of people , scientists , <unk> that it was very different .
And they will , because the evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they would expect it to have the evidence .
For example , the anecdote that some of you , like a captain , like a captain , and I looked at a lot of fish in this area ca n't be used or , usually not use the scientists in fishing , because it 's not `` scientific '' .
So we have a situation where people do n't know the past , even though we lived in <unk> societies , because they do n't rely on the sources of the past .
Out of the huge paper that can make a marine protected area .
Because with the marine protected areas , we actually visualize the past .
It will take the past that people ca n't conceive of because the starting point has been run and extremely low .
That 's for people who can see a marine protected area , and they can benefit from the vision that provides them , which allows them to erase their point of departure .
And what about people who ca n't do it because they do n't have access , like people in the Midwest , for example ?
I think there 's the arts and film , maybe you can fill the void . The simulation .
This is a simulation of Chesapeake Bay .
A long time ago , there were gray whales in Chesapeake Bay ; 500 years ago .
And you may have noticed that the nuances and <unk> are like `` Avatar . ''
And if you think about `` Avatar , '' if you think about why people were moved with the film -- Do n't have to talk about the story of <unk> , why do we deal with the images ?
Because it raises something that , in a sense , it 's lost .
So my recommendation , the only one to give , is Cameron , do `` Avatar Two '' underwater .
Thank you very much .
Hi . I 'm Kevin <unk> , the YouTube manager manager , and I look at YouTube videos in a professional form .
It 's true .
So today we 'll see why videos are viral and how important it has that .
We all want to be stars : celebrities , singers , comedians , when I was younger , that seemed something very , very difficult .
But today , the web is made that any of us , or our actions , copper in a part of our world 's culture .
Anyone can be made famous on the Internet in a <unk> .
Over 48 hours of video to YouTube for a minute .
And from those , only one small percentage gets viral , you get lots and lots of views and it makes cultural <unk> .
How does that happen ?
Three things : creators of trends , communities of participation and surprise .
Okay , let 's start .
<unk> <unk> : Oh my God , my God .
Oh my God .
Wow .
<unk> , <unk> !
KA : Last year , <unk> <unk> published this video shot outside of his house in the Yosemite National Park .
In 2010 , it was 23 million times .
This graph shows the views on the world 's rise of popularity .
You did n't want to do a viral video .
I just wanted to share a <unk> rainbow .
That 's what you do if it 's called Yosemite <unk> .
There were a lot of videos out of nature .
This video had been published in January .
So what happened here ?
It was Jimmy <unk> .
Jimmy <unk> published this tweet that sent the video to the popularity .
The creators of trends like Jimmy <unk> presents us with new and interesting things , and <unk> them to a wider audience .
Rebecca Black : It 's Friday , he 's Friday . You 've got to start on Friday . You 're all willing to go on Friday , Friday . You just put on Friday . KA : You wo n't think that we could have this conversation without talking about this video , I hope .
`` <unk> '' for Rebecca Black is one of the most popular videos in the year .
You saw about 200 million times this year .
This graph shows the frequency of use .
Just like `` Arc trout , '' this video seemed to have come out of nowhere .
So what happened this day ?
Well , it 's Friday , it 's true .
And if you ask those other spikes , they 're also Friday .
But what happened this day , this particular Friday ?
Well , it took them <unk> , and many blogs started to write about it .
Michael J. Nelson , from <unk> Science Theater , was one of the first people to make a joke about the video on Twitter .
But what 's important is that a person or a group of creators actually take a point of view , and share it with a wider public , accelerating the process .
So , this community of people who share this great inner joke then starts talking about that and doing things .
And now there are 10,000 <unk> <unk> of `` <unk> '' on YouTube .
Just in the first seven days , there was a parody for each of the other days .
Unlike the past entertainment entertainment of the 20th century , this community participation is our way to be part of the <unk> phenomenon , or doing something new with that .
`` <unk> Cat '' is an repetitive animation with a <unk> music .
That 's what it is .
This year was about 50 million times .
And if you think that 's weird , you know that there 's a three hours version that 's been seen four million times .
Even cats saw this video .
And there are cats who saw other cats watching the video .
But the important thing here is creativity that sparked between the Internet Internet community .
There was <unk> .
Somebody made an old version of it .
And then it was international .
Suddenly , a whole bunch of a remix community made this happen to be a dumb joke to something that we can all become part of .
Because today we just enjoy , we are involved .
Who could have predicted something like this ?
Who could have predicted `` 20,000 double '' or Rebecca Black or `` <unk> . ''
What does that script have been written by doing this situation ?
In a world that you 're going up two days of video per minute , just the truly unique and unexpected thing can be shaped like these things have done .
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who 's a <unk> protest in New York , I 'll admit I did n't really interested .
Casey <unk> : I got a ticket for not circular <unk> , but there are often obstacles that prevent you from crossing the <unk> .
KA : Thanks to the surprise of surprise and its humor , Casey <unk> managed to get five million to see and understand his idea .
So this approach is worth the whole new approach to all that we do creative .
And all of this leads to a big question ...
<unk> <unk> : What does this mean ?
<unk> .
KA : What does this mean ?
<unk> , creative communities , creative communities , the totally unexpected , these are characteristics of a new kind of media , a new culture , we all have access to , and it 's the audience that defines the popularity .
As I said earlier , one of the current celebrities of the world , Justin Bieber , started on YouTube .
You do n't ask permission to express your ideas .
Now we 're all a little masters of our pop culture .
These are not the characteristics of the old media , they 're just the current media , but we would have the entertainment of the future .
Thank you .
This is not a finished story .
It 's a puzzle that 's still building together .
Let me tell you about some of the pieces .
Imagine the first piece : a man burning the work of a whole life .
It 's a poet , a playwright , a man whose entire life had been supported in the single hope of unit and freedom of his country .
Imagine when the communists come into <unk> , facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain .
The words , for so long , friends now were making them .
It will become quiet .
He died broken in history .
He 's my grandfather .
I never met him .
But our lives are much more than our memories .
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story .
My task was not to leave that that 's been in vain , and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to <unk> it , but I would plug it out .
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat to a quietly <unk> dawn into the sea .
My mother , <unk> , was just 18 years old when his father died , and a <unk> marriage and two little girls .
For her , life had been destined for one task , the escape from his family and a new life in Australia .
It was inconceivable for her that she could n't do that .
And after a <unk> <unk> that defies fiction , a boat slid into the sea dressed by fishing vessel .
All the adults knew the risks .
The biggest fear were hackers , rape and death .
As most adults , my mother had a poison with poison .
If we catch , we would first take my sister and I , and then she and my grandmother .
My first memories are from that boat , the constant rhythms of the engine , the bow diving into every wave , and the vast and empty horizon .
I do n't remember hackers who came several times , but they were fooled by the courage of men on our boat , or the engine dying and not being able to break for six hours .
But I remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia , and the young man he collapsed , and he died , end the journey too much , and the first apple I tried , given by the men in the platform .
None of the apple had the same taste .
After three months in a refugee camp , <unk> in Melbourne .
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations , shaping a new life together .
We set up in <unk> , a suburb of the workers whose population is comprised of immigrants .
Unlike the suburbs of middle-class , whose existence I did n't know , in <unk> , there was no sense of the right .
The smells that the smells were from the stores were from the rest of the world .
And the <unk> <unk> fragments of the people who had one thing in common , were starting again .
My mother worked in farms , then on a car assembly line , working six days , double turn .
Yet , I found time to study English and get an IT degree in the information technology .
We were poor .
All the dollars were mapped , and I set up an extra refugee in English and mathematics , did n't matter what it should be removed , which was usually new clothing ; it was always a second hand .
Two pairs of socks to school , one to hide the holes in the other .
A school uniform up to the ankles , because I had to last six years .
And there were <unk> and <unk> on the <unk> eyes and some graffiti : `` Asians , come home . ''
home , where ?
Something else in me will be <unk> .
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said , `` I 'm going to <unk> . ''
My mother , my sister and I <unk> in the same bed .
My mother was exhausted every night , but we told us about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother at home .
My mother had nightmares , all of the boat .
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares , they started to be able to help us .
She opened a computer store , and then I studied to be <unk> and opened up another business .
And women were coming with their stories about men who could n't make the transition , angry and <unk> , and <unk> boys in between two worlds .
<unk> and sponsors were looked for .
They created centers .
I lived in parallel worlds .
On one , it was the classic Asian student , relentless Asian student with what I 'd come from myself .
On the other , I was very little in poor lives , tragically <unk> by violence , drug abuse and isolation .
But many people got help over the years .
And for that work , when I studied my last year of lawyer , I was elected the young Australian young of the year .
And I was <unk> from one piece of the puzzle to the other , but the edges did n't fit .
There was so old anonymous resident , and it was now <unk> , refugee and social activist , invited to talk about sites I 'd never heard of , and in homes whose existence would never have imagined .
I did n't know the protocols .
I did n't know how to use the covered .
I did n't know how to talk about wine .
I did n't know how to talk about anything .
I wanted to retreat to the routines , and to the life of life in a suburb <unk> -- a grandmother , a mother and two finishing day , like they did for nearly 20 years , <unk> on the day of each one and running <unk> , the three still in the same bed .
And I told my mom I could n't do it .
It reminded me that I had now the same age as she had when she got on the boat .
The `` not '' had ever been an option .
`` Do it , '' he said , `` You wo n't be what those . ''
So I talked about <unk> and education and <unk> to the marginalized and exposed .
And the more frankly talking , the more it was to speak .
I met people from all the roads of life , many of them doing what they loved , living on the border of possible .
And although I finished my bachelor , I realized I could n't stay in a lawyer 's career .
There had to be another piece of the puzzle .
And I realized at the same time that it 's okay to be an unknown , a newly arrived at the scene -- and not just that it 's okay , but it 's something that is so grateful for , perhaps a gift of the ship .
Because being inside can easily mean <unk> the horizons , it can easily mean to accept the assumptions of your province .
I gave the enough steps outside of my happy place to know that , yes , the world is breaking , but not the way we fear .
They would argue that they were not <unk> , they were tremendously tremendously .
There was an energy there , a relentless optimism , a rare mixture of humility and courage .
So I kept my intuition .
It 's going to take a small group of people for the people who say , `` You ca n't do it . ''
For a year , we did n't have a penny .
At the end of every day , he was making a giant soup pot that we all share .
<unk> up at night .
Most of our ideas were crazy , but some bright ones , and we open up .
I took the decision to move to the United States .
After a trip .
My hunch again .
Three months later , I had moved on , and the adventure continued .
Before I finish , let me tell you about my grandmother .
She grew up in a time where the <unk> was the social norm and the local <unk> was the person who cared .
Life had n't changed for centuries .
His father died shortly after she was born .
The mother was raised alone .
The 17 became <unk> of a <unk> whose mother was beating him .
With no support from her husband , he caused an stir to the <unk> and take the cause herself , and much more <unk> caused when he won .
You ca n't have shown being wrong .
I was in the shower in a hotel room in Sydney when she died , 3,000 miles , in Melbourne .
I looked through the <unk> of the shower and I saw it standing on the other side .
I knew I 'd come to say it .
My mother called minutes later .
Days later , we went to a Buddhist temple in <unk> and sat around her casket .
We tell them stories , and we made sure that we were still with her .
At night , a monk came and told us that he had to close the coffin .
My mother asked us to hold his hand .
He asked the monk , `` Why is your hand hot , and the rest of the body is so cold ? ''
`` Because you 've taken your hand since the morning , '' he said .
`` You have n't <unk> them . ''
If there 's a nerve in our family , that runs through women .
Since we were and how life formed us , we can now see that the men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us .
The defeat would be easily <unk> .
Now I want to have my own kids , and I 'm wondering about the boat .
Who could want that to do that to know ?
However , I fear the privilege of how easy it is , right .
I can give you a bow in your lives , A brave , in every wave , the constant rhythms of the engine , the vast horizon that does n't guarantee anything ?
I do n't know .
But if I could give it up and see them safe , he would .
<unk> <unk> , and also the mother 's mother 's mother here , on the fourth or fifth row .
My story starts in <unk> about two years ago .
I was in the desert , under the starry sky , with the Sufi sky <unk> Ali .
We were having a conversation about how nothing has changed from the time of the old Indian epic `` The Mahabharata . ''
In those days when Indians we wanted to travel to a car and <unk> the sky .
We now do this with airplanes .
At that time , when I was <unk> , the great prince of the Indian warrior , he had thirst , he pulled an arch and a <unk> on the ground , he got water .
Now we do the same with <unk> and machines .
The conclusion that we took was that the machinery had replaced the magic .
And that 's a lot of me .
Every time I felt a little bit more than <unk> .
I would take this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a sunset if I did n't have the camera , if I could n't afford my friends .
It seemed to me that technology had to afford the magic , not kill her .
As a kid , my grandfather gave me his silver silver lining .
And this piece of technology 50 years was for my most magical thing .
It became a <unk> door to a world full of images , of pirates and <unk> in my imagination .
I had the feeling that mobile , the fancy clocks and the cameras prevent <unk> .
We 've got our inspiration .
So I launched myself , I came up to this technological world to see how to use it to create the magic , instead of kill her .
It was <unk> books since 16 years .
So when I saw the iPad , I saw a narrative device that was able to connect the readers of the entire world .
You can know how we take the book .
Where we are .
<unk> the text with the image , the animation , the sound and touch .
The storytelling becomes increasingly <unk> .
But what is that for us ?
I 'm about to launch <unk> , an interactive app for the iPad .
He says , `` It puts your fingers on every light . ''
And so -- he says , `` This box belongs to ... '' I write my name .
And so I get a character from the book .
At several times it comes to me -- the iPad knows where I live thanks to GPS -- that 's led to me .
My inner girl gets excited about all of these possibilities .
I 've talked a lot about magic .
And I do n't mean magicians and dragons , but to this magic of childhood , to those ideas that children are children .
For some reason , fireflies in a jar were always very exciting to me .
So , here , we have to shift the iPad to release fireflies .
And really , they light up your way into what the book addition of the book .
Another idea that I was fascinated with a little girl , was that a whole galaxy in a <unk> .
So here , every book and every world becomes a <unk> that I drag towards this magic device , inside the device .
And this opens a map .
In every fantasy book , there have always been maps , but they 've been static maps .
This is a map that grows , <unk> and guide you for the rest of the book .
In certain points of the book as it unfolds .
Now I 'm going to go into it .
Another incredibly important aspect for me is to create Indian content and contemporary content .
These are the <unk> .
We 've all heard of fairies and <unk> , but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts , the <unk> ?
These poor <unk> have been trapped in the cameras of Indra for millennia , in an old and wet book .
So we 're bringing them back into contemporary child history .
And in a story that 's about today 's issues like the environmental crisis .
And , talking about the environmental crisis , one of the problems for the last 10 years has been that kids have been locked up , glued to their PCs , have n't come out of the outside world .
But now with mobile technology , we can take our children into the natural world with their technology .
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go outside , take the camera or the iPad , and collect images of different natural objects .
As a little girl , I had a lot of collections : from sticks , stones and pebbles , pebbles and shells .
For some reason , kids do n't .
So in order to recover this childhood ritual , you have to go out and , in chapter , you had a photo to a flower and then <unk> .
In another chapter , you have to take a picture of a crust , and then rush .
So you create a digital collection of pictures that then you can put on the Web .
A snapshot of London puts a photo of a fox , and he says , `` Oh , I saw a fox . ''
A child in India says , `` Today I saw a monkey . ''
And you create this kind of social network around a collection of digital photographs that have been taken .
Inside the variants of the connection between magic , Earth and technology there are many possibilities .
In the next book , we asked you to have an interaction where you 're coming out with the iPad and video on and through augmented reality , see a group of cartoons that appear on the inner plants in the house .
The screen is full of leaves .
And you have to make the sound of the wind and you can put it in order to be able to read the rest of the book .
We 're going to a world where the forces of nature are <unk> with technology and magic and technology closer to one another .
It 's <unk> the energy of the sun .
We 're approaching our children and ourselves into the natural world , and to that magic , joy and love of child love that we sit through a simple story .
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about why many projects of <unk> fail .
And I think , really , that the most important thing about that is that we stopped listening to patients .
And one of the things we did at <unk> University was <unk> a director of the listening .
And not in a very scientific way , she raised a little bit of a coffee cup or you and I asked patients , family and acquaintances , what 's going on ?
`` How can we help it ?
And we tend to think , this is one of the biggest problems that everyone , or maybe not all , but most of the projects of <unk> fail , because we stop listening .
This is my scale . It 's a very simple thing .
It has a switch on and off .
Every morning I climb up .
And yes , I have a challenge as you can see .
I got the challenge to get to 95 kilograms .
But it 's so simple , every time I plug in , sends my data to Google Health .
And my doctor of <unk> has access to him as well . So he can see what my weight problem is , not at the same time as he needs to help him either , or any urgency of that way , but see it backwards .
But there 's something else .
Like some of you know , I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter .
So , every morning I connect to my scale Wi-Fi , and before you go up to my car , people start talking to me : <unk> , I think you need a light lunch .
That 's the best thing that can happen , because it 's the pairs of pairs used to help patients , because it could be used for obesity , and also for patients to stop smoking .
On the other hand , it can <unk> to move people out of their chairs and together to develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health .
From the next week , we 're going to be available .
This little <unk> connected to an iPhone or another .
And people can , from their homes , to take their blood pressure , and share it with others , for example , for 100 dollars .
This is the point where patients assume a position , they come back to control and become captains of their own boat , but also helps us help health care because of the challenges that face us , like the firing of the costs of attention , the doubling of demand and other issues .
It 's <unk> techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team .
And you can do it with techniques like this , but also through crowdsourcing .
And one of the things we did want to share with you with a video .
We all have shipping controls in cars .
Maybe we even have them in our phones .
We know perfectly where the ATMs are in <unk> .
Also , where they 're all <unk> .
And of course , we can find fast food chains .
But where is the closest <unk> to help this patient ?
We asked , but nobody knew .
Nobody knew where to get the <unk> saving lives right now .
So what we did was this crowdsourcing in the Netherlands .
We created a website , and we asked the public that : If you look at a <unk> , please tell you where , and when it 's open , when it 's open , it 's already open at the office technologies and others are closed .
And over 10,000 <unk> were already introduced in the Netherlands .
The next step was to look for that .
And we made an app for the iPad .
We created an app for <unk> , augmented reality , to find these <unk> .
And every time they 're in the city of <unk> and someone collapses , they can use their iPhone , and the next weeks to use their Microsoft cell phone to find the nearest closer , what can save lives .
And from today , I 'd like to introduce this one , not just as <unk> <unk> , which is the name of the product , but also as <unk> .
And we would think about a global level .
We are <unk> all of our colleagues in the world , in other universities , to help us find , work and act as a center for the crowdsourcing , all over the world .
Every time you 're on holiday and someone collapses , it can be a relative or somebody in front of you , you can find it .
And I would also want to invite companies around the world that could help us to validate these <unk> .
They might be <unk> or mobile services , for example , to see if the <unk> that is shown is still in place .
Please help us do this and not just improve health , but take control of it .
Thank you very much .
I 'm here to share photography .
Or is it <unk> ?
Because of course , they 're photographs that ca n't take their cameras .
My interest in photography woke up with my first digital camera at the age of 15 .
I mixed with my passion before the drawing , but it was a little bit different because I used the camera the process was in planning .
And when you take a photograph with a camera the process ends up when the clicker is pressed .
For me , photography had more to do with being in the right place at the right time .
It seemed like anybody could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , a process that would start by pressing the trigger .
This : a building on a very <unk> road .
But it has an unexpected twist .
And despite that , it keeps a level of realism .
Or photos like these -- dark and colorful , <unk> , but with the common goal to keep the level of realism .
And when I say realism , I mean <unk> .
Because of course , it 's not something that I can do , but I always want you to seem to be captured in some way as a photograph .
But if you 're going to have to think about a moment to discover the trick .
It has more to do with capturing an idea that with capturing a moment .
But what is the trick that makes them look real ?
Are the details or the colors ?
<unk> the light ?
What creates the illusion ?
Sometimes the illusion is perspective .
But in the end , it 's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive it on a two-dimensional surface .
It 's actually not about whether it 's realistic but what we think is realistic .
So I think the basics are very simple .
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
So here we have three perfectly imaginable objects , something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world .
But combined in a way you can create something that still looks three-dimensional , as if it existed .
But at the same time , we know that it does n't exist .
So we pretend the brain is n't embracing the fact that that really does n't make sense .
And I see the same process by combining the photographs .
It really is to actually combine different realities .
And the things that make a picture seems realistic , I think that 's the ones that we do n't even think of , the things that surround us in our everyday lives .
But when we combine it , it 's very important to consider it , because otherwise something will be wrong .
So I 'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic outcomes .
As you can see , these images are not very special .
But combined , they can create something like this .
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective .
Second , photos combine to have the same kind of light .
And these two images do with these requirements ; they were taken by the same height and with the same kind of light .
The third point is making impossible to distinguish the beginning and the end of the different images with a perfect joint .
It has to be impossible to see where the image is made .
This is another example .
Now , you might think that this is the image of a landscape , and the bottom is being manipulated .
But this picture is totally composed of photographs of different places .
In the staff , I think it 's easier to create a place that will find it because you do n't need to put in danger the ideas in your head .
But it requires a lot of planning .
And as I thought about this idea in the winter I knew that I had several months to come up with , to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces .
For example , the fish was captured on a fishing trip .
The shores are from a different location .
The <unk> was captured in a stone pit .
And I know , I even did the house of the top of the island so that it looks more profitable .
So to get a realistic outcome , I think we need planning .
It 's always starting with a sketch , an idea .
Then you have to combine the different photographs .
And here each piece is very well meant to be .
If you do a good job when you take the pictures , the outcome can be very beautiful , and it can be very realistic .
All the tools are there , and the only limit is our imagination .
Thank you .
Let me start showing you a slide of technology , very boring .
Please , if you can put it ...
It 's a diagram , anybody who took from a folder of mine .
I 'm not interested in showing you the details , but the whole thing .
It 's an analysis that we were doing about the power of <unk> microprocessors versus the power of local area networks .
What 's interesting about this is that this one , as many other things we tend to see , is a straight line on logarithmic scale .
In other words , every step here represents an order of magnitude at the scale of performance .
I 'm going to talk about technology with <unk> curves is something new .
Here 's something weird .
And that 's what I 'm going to talk about .
Please change the lights .
It 's more intensity because writing about paper .
Why are we plot the technological curves at <unk> scales ?
The answer is that if I draw them on a normal curve , where , say , these are the years , or some unit of time , and this would be any measure of the technology that I 'd like to draw with , the diagram would look kind of ridiculous .
It would be something like that .
It does n't say a lot .
But if plot , for example , some other technology , like transportation , on a <unk> curve , would be very dumb , we would see a straight line .
But if something happens , something like this is a qualitative change .
If the technology of transport is as fast as the microprocessors , we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds .
But it does n't go through that rhythm .
There is no precedent in the history of technological development in a <unk> growth that every few years will advance orders of magnitude .
The question I want to argue is -- looking at these exponential curves , we see that they do n't keep forever .
It 's not possible to hold this change as fast as it goes .
It was one of two things .
Or as well as a typical curve , I know how this until something completely different , or maybe I 'm going to do something like that .
That 's all that can happen .
I 'm optimistic , so I think maybe something like that .
So we would now be in the middle of a transition .
In this line , we are in a transition from what used to be the world , to a new form .
So what I 'm trying to ask , and what I 'm trying to ask , is it : What is that new way to embrace the world ?
Why new state is going to run the world ?
The transition seems very , very confused if we 're engaged in it .
I remember the future happening in the year 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in the year 2000 .
This is a conference where people talk about the future , and we see that the future is still the year 2000 .
That 's all we see .
In other words , the future has shrunk , year after year , throughout my life .
But I think it 's because we feel something 's going on .
And we can feel it .
And we know that it does n't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it 's all so different that we extrapolate what we 're doing today does n't make any sense .
So I want to talk to you about how it might be , how could that transition that we experience .
But to do that , I 'll have to talk a little bit about things that do n't have a lot to do with technology and computer technology .
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking away and look at things in the long term .
The scale of time I 'd like to do that is the time of life on Earth .
I think this picture makes sense if we look at it every billion years .
So , you go back about two and a half of two billion years when the Earth was a big sterile rock with a lot of chemicals that are attached to it .
If we look at the way those chemicals were organized , we give a sense of how things happened .
And I think there 's theories to start to understand the origin of RNA , and I 'm going to tell you a simple version of this , and that is that , at that time , there was just floating out of some instances of oil with all kinds of chemical recipes inside it .
Some of those blobs of oil held a particular combination of chemicals that made them bring out of the outside of the outside .
And they started division .
In a sense , those were the most primitive mobile forms -- those heard of oil .
But those blobs were n't alive , in the current sense , because each one of them contained a random recipe of chemicals .
And every time you 've got to have an unequal distribution of chemicals that held .
So every droplet was a little different .
In fact , drops that in some ways , we 're going to be better at the time to incorporate the chemicals around them ; they were growing more , more chemicals and split more .
You usually lived longer , they were more represented .
It was a form of life , a chemical , very simple chemistry , but things were getting interesting when these drops learned the trick of abstraction .
And in some ways we do n't understand very well these atomized people learned to store information .
They learn to save information , which was the recipe for the cell , in a special chemical called DNA .
In other words , <unk> in this meaningless evolution , a writing system that allowed them to record what they were to be able to replicate .
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since it evolved two billion years ago .
Our recipe , our genes , have exactly the same code , that same writing system .
In fact , every living thing is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code .
And one of the things I did just for fun -- we can write things with this code .
Here I have 100 white dust <unk> trying to hide people 's security people .
But it contains this code -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we tend to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data on this piece of DNA , and you 'll get it 10 to the 22 times .
So if someone wants to 100 million copies of my personal card , I have a lot of people here -- in fact , for every person in the world , and it 's here .
If it was a <unk> , he would have put it in a virus and would have spread it through the room .
What was the next step ?
Writing DNA was an interesting step .
And this made these cells be happy for another billion years .
But then another big thing happened in which things became very different , and that was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information and communication communities .
I do n't know if you know it , but bacteria can exchange DNA .
So , for example , it evolved resistance to antibiotics .
Some bacteria found the way to avoid penicillin , and they were <unk> to create their little DNA with other bacteria and now there are many resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate .
This communication gave us to become communities that , in a way , they were together in that , and study a synergy .
So they survived or <unk> together , or whether a community was very successful , all the individuals in that community would say more and they were <unk> by evolution .
And the inflection point happened when these communities came together so much they actually came together and decided to write the whole recipe from the community together in a DNA chain .
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years .
And at that stage , we have multicellular communities , communities of many different types of cells working together as one organism .
In fact , we are a multi-cellular community .
We have a lot of cells that no longer act anymore .
The skin cell does n't use without the heart , or the muscles , or the brain , and so on .
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than the cell phone , something we call an organism .
The next level happened within these communities .
And these were starting information .
And building very special structures that did n't make information in community .
They are neural structures .
The neurons are the devices that process information that those cell phones built .
In fact , they started specialize in the community being responsible to record , understanding and convey information .
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities .
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage .
Because at that moment as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism , and not to the period of evolutionary time .
So an organism could , for example , learning to not eat any fruit , because he knew bad and got sick the last time he ate it .
That could happen during the life of an organism , because they had built these information processing structures that have been learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who ate that fruit .
So the fact that the nervous system built those information structures enormously to the evolutionary process enormously .
Because evolution could now happen confined to an individual .
It could happen in time to learn .
But then , of course , individuals discovered the trick of communication .
So , for example , the most refined version we know is human language .
If we think about it , it 's an incredible invention .
I have a very complicated idea , a vague idea , in your head .
I 'm here sitting there with some <unk> , and hopefully , building a similar idea , vague and <unk> , on your heads that holds some analogy with mine .
But we took something very complicated , we made it into sound sequences , and we produce something very complicated in another brain .
That now allows us to start working as an organism .
In fact , as humanity , we 've started to run abstractions .
Now we go through periods of similar periods of multicellular organisms ; we would promote our methods of record , presentation and information processing .
For example , the invention of language was a little step in that direction .
The telephony , the computer tape , the CD-ROM and so on , is the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information .
And that brings us into something much bigger , faster and able to evolve more than we did before .
Now evolution can happen at microseconds .
You saw the evolutionary <unk> of <unk> in which certain evolution with the <unk> program , in front of our eyes .
And now we 've accelerated the scales again again .
The first stages of the story that I told you took a billion years each .
The next stage , the nervous system and the brain , took a few hundred million years .
The next , the language and so on , took less than a million years .
And the next , like electronics , seems to take only a few decades .
The process goes off ; I suppose it 's the right word to name something that speeds up your own pace .
The more it changes , the faster it does .
And I think that 's what we 're looking at in this explosion of the curve .
We see that the process goes back .
But I make my life designing computers , and I know that the job mechanisms for <unk> would not be possible without the technical advances .
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible to me in conventional ways .
I do n't know that every transistor does every transistor in that 's machine .
There are billions .
Instead , with the designers of <unk> <unk> , we thought a level of abstraction , we put it into the machine and the machine that does something that was n't allowed , it gets far further and faster than ever before .
In fact , sometimes I use methods that we do n't even understand .
A particularly interesting approach that I 've been using lately is evolution itself .
We put in the machine an evolutionary process running on the scale of microseconds .
And for example , in the most extreme cases , we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions .
We say , `` Please , please , can you run a hundred million random instructions ? ''
Could you run these random instructions , running all of those programs , and take those programs that are more than we want to do ? ''
In other words , I define what I want .
Let 's say , I want to order numbers , to put a simple example .
So , we found the programs that are closer to up numbers .
Of course , it 's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions , <unk> numbers , so none of them did .
But one , fortunately , could figure out two numbers in the order of the right order .
And I said , `` computer , could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that they better did work ? ''
Put them out of those and <unk> them to the rest .
And now I 'm going to figure out what the best ordered the numbers now .
And let 's go back to <unk> , following a process of Commandant analogous to sex . ''
Let 's take two programs , which will take children , and that would be <unk> , and that the children would take the properties of both of these programs .
So we got a new generation of software programs that had a bit more successful .
And we say , `` Please repeat the process . ''
<unk> again .
<unk> some mutations .
And it 's trying to do it again , and it 's about another generation .
Well , every generation takes a few milliseconds .
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or , in complicated , very few hours .
At the end , we ended up with programs that are orders absolutely perfect .
In fact , they 're much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand .
If I look at those programs I ca n't tell you how they work .
I 've tried to analyze it to see how they work .
They 're dark , strange programs .
But they do .
In fact , I know , I have the safety of the goal , because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that they did .
In fact , their lives depend on that .
Once you go on a 747 with Marvin Minsky 's and pulls a card and he says , `` Look at this .
He says , `` This plane has hundreds of thousands of <unk> who work together to provide a safe flight . ' Do n't make you feel quiet ? ''
We know that engineering processes do n't work very well when they get complicated .
So we started to depend on computers to do different design processes .
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than it produces normal engineering .
However , we do n't understand all the choices that there are .
In that sense , it goes in front of us .
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster , and so we can run these programs much faster .
So it 's feeds back .
The thing goes faster and faster , and that 's why I think it seems so confused .
Because all these technologies are fed up .
We 're taking off .
And we 're at a moment analogous to the single-celled organism when they got multicellular .
We are the amoebas and we ca n't understand what the hell we 're creating .
We 're at the turning point .
But I think something comes behind us .
I think it would be very arrogant to think that we are the final product of evolution .
And I think we 're all part of the creation of whatever it is to come .
But now comes the lunch , and I think it will stop here before I get bored .
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change .
And I think this starts with a doctor , and that 's me .
And I 've taken time enough to allow me to give up a bit of my false prestige on that .
Before I treat the theme of my talk , let 's talk a little baseball .
Why not ?
We 're close to the end of the World Series .
We love baseball , right ?
Video is full of amazing statistics .
There are hundreds of statistics .
It 's going to go out `` <unk> the rules '' -- talks about the statistics and use them to form a big baseball team .
I 'm going to focus on one of them and I hope many of you .
It 's called <unk> .
And we talked about 300 , a <unk> that <unk> 300 .
That means that <unk> bat effectively , three of 10 times .
That means to launch the ball into the field of play without being caught , and anybody who tries to throw it to the first base , do n't get to time , and the second base will be saved .
Three hundred attempts .
You know what they call a <unk> <unk> in the Big League ?
Well , really good , maybe the team of the stars .
You know what they call a <unk> born ?
By the way , that 's somebody who 's 10 hits , he got four .
<unk> -- like the legendary Ted Williams , the last player of the <unk> League of <unk> <unk> on a regular season .
Now I 'm going to take this to my world of medicine where I feel more comfortable , or maybe less uncomfortable , after what I 'm going to tell you today .
Suppose you have appendicitis , and it 's a derivatives of a surgeon who has a <unk> record .
It does n't work , right ?
Now suppose , you live in a remote place , and a loved one has two clogged coronary arteries and your family doctor drift to a cardiologist whose record in <unk> is 200 .
But , you know something ?
And she 's remarkably improved this year .
And their hits have been <unk> .
This is not working .
But I 'm going to ask you .
What do you think of is the average of the hits of a heart surgeon or an orthopedic surgeon , a nurse or a <unk> <unk> ?
A thousand , very well .
And the truth of the matter is that no one in all medicine knows the hits of a good surgeon , from a doctor or a medical doctor .
What we do , though , is send me to the world , and I included , with the mandate to be perfect .
Which never , ever made a mistake and try to figure out how to do it well .
That was the take-home message when I was in medical school .
I was a <unk> student <unk> .
Once , a partner in high school said that Brian Sachs is a student to a blood test .
Such .
<unk> in my little <unk> , in the residence of nurses at the General Central Hospital in Toronto , not far away from here .
And I learned everything from memory .
Out of my form of anatomy , I memorized the origin and the muscle work , the branching of every artery that comes out of your aorta , the frequent differential and not usual .
And even known as a differential diagnosis about how to classify the kidney <unk> .
And as much more and more knowledge , more knowledge .
And I was going very well ; I graduated from a staff .
And we had the impression of the medical school with the impression that if you put it all together , then I would know everything , or as much as possible , I 'm going to get rid of the mistakes .
And it worked for a while , until I met the lady <unk> lady .
I was a resident at a university hospital here in Toronto , when they brought the lady to the emergency room where I was working .
I was assigned to my cardiology service .
And when I planned to go to a cardiologist , I got to attend that patient .
It will inform the chief of residents .
When I saw the lady <unk> , I was very excited .
I heard a <unk> sound .
And when the <unk> , I heard a <unk> sound on both sides , which shocked me with heart heart failure .
In these conditions , the heart stops working , and instead of pump the blood forward , the blood goes to the lungs , and that 's why there 's a lot of blood breathing .
And it was n't hard to diagnose .
I did , and I got working on the treatment that would give him .
He gave him aspirin and medication to alleviate pressure on your heart .
I gave him <unk> , and I gave it out of water pills , so that I could eliminate liquid .
And in one hour or two , she started feeling better .
And I felt very well .
And that was when I made the first mistake ; he sent her home .
I actually made two mistakes more .
I sent her home without talking to the chief of residents .
I did n't picked up the phone , I did n't know what I should have done , which was to call my boss and <unk> with him to see her .
And if my boss would have seen it , he would have been able to bring 3D information .
Maybe I did it for a good reason .
Maybe I did n't want to be a resident a <unk> .
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and capable of taking responsibility , that I could take care of my patients without even contact with my boss .
The second mistake I made was worse .
By the send her home , I did n't take attention to a voice in my inner saying , `` Sachs , it 's not a good idea . Do n't do it . ''
In fact , I was so insecure that I asked the nurse I was taking care of my lady , `` Do you think it 's fine if you go home ? ''
And the nurse thought , and then he said , `` Yes , I think I 'll be fine . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday .
So he signed the high , and the ambulance next with the ambulance took their home .
And I went back to the hospital room .
The rest of that day , that afternoon , I had a bad feeling in the stomach .
But I kept on with my job .
At the end of the day , I packed in order to leave the hospital and walked into the parking lot where my car was to go home . I did something that I do n't normally do .
I went through the emergency service of the road home .
And there another nurse , I did n't know I was taking care of her lady , but another one . He said three words , those three words that most emergency doctors fear .
Other specialists are afraid , but there 's a <unk> in <unk> , and it 's that we see patients <unk> .
Three words are : remember you ?
`` Does it remember the patient he sent home ? ''
I asked the other nurse 's another nurse .
`` Well she came back , '' with the same tone of voice .
She was fine .
But I came back and on the verge of death .
Within an hour , I gave her the high school , after I was given the high , he suffered a crash and his family and his family brought 911 -- with a <unk> blood pressure of <unk> , which means a severe shock .
I 'm just breathing and blue .
emergency personnel would bring up all of their resources .
They paid medication to raise your blood pressure .
And they put a ventilator .
I was in a <unk> and <unk> to the spinal cord .
He had a mixture of feelings , because after <unk> was in intensive care and expected all of hope to recover .
And in the two or three days , it was apparent that you never get .
It had an irreversible brain damage .
The family got together .
And in eight or nine days , they 'd become what was going on .
And at ninth day , they let her go . The <unk> lady , wife , mother and grandmother .
They say they 're never forget the names that they die .
That was my first experience .
And the next few weeks , I was obsessed with it and I experienced for the first time the unhealthy shame that exists in our medical culture , and I sat alone and isolated , not feeling that healthy shame because you ca n't afford your colleagues .
You make peace and never more makes that error .
It 's that shame that leaves a teaching .
The unhealthy shame that I 'm talking about is that it makes us feel very bad about it .
It 's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong , but we 're bad .
And that felt .
And it was n't by my boss ; he was an charm .
I talked to the family , and I 'm sure I 'm going to make things , and he made sure that I did n't get bored .
And I kept getting those questions .
Why did n't I ask my boss ? Why did I send her home ?
And in my worst time , why made it such a dumb mistake ?
Why did I choose medicine ?
Little with that feeling was <unk> .
And I started to feel better .
And in a day cloudy , the sky opened , and finally came out the sun , and I wondered if I 'd feel better again .
And I made a deal with myself where if we were going to get the efforts to be perfect for no more mistakes , I would cease to those voices .
And so it was .
I went back to work .
But it came back .
Two years later , I was assistant in the emergency department at a community in Northern Toronto , and I got a 25 year-old man with a pain in his throat .
I was very busy .
And he pointed out here .
I looked at his throat , and I was a little bit <unk> .
<unk> penicillin and sent him to his house .
But while he ran the door , he kept pointing his throat .
Two days later , when I came to make my guard change , my boss asked me to talk to me in his office .
And I gave the three words : does you remember ?
Do you remember the patient who saw a pain in their throat ?
And he came back and did n't have a <unk> <unk> .
He had a potentially fatal condition called <unk> .
You can look for Google . It 's an infection , not from the throat , but the top air goes , and that can cause the close of those pathways .
He , fortunately , did n't die .
We managed antibiotics by <unk> , and they recovered .
And I went through the same period of shame and <unk> , and then she sat down and went back to work , until over and over and over and over again .
Two times in the same turn of the emergency room , not <unk> appendicitis .
And it 's a great deal , especially working in a hospital , because it 's gone down to 14 patients at the same time .
But in both cases , I did n't have sent them home and I do n't think it 's been a carelessness .
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation .
Order an X-ray of kidneys , but it turned out to be normal . A colleague who was checking the patient perceived to some sensitivity in the lower right-hand corner and called the surgeon .
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea .
I put the liquid order to <unk> and asked my colleague to take it on .
I looked at it , and by noticing some sensitivity in the lower right-hand corner , I called the surgeon .
They were both operated and recovered well recovered .
But every single case <unk> me , I devoured .
But I 'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise , and as many colleagues say , it 's a mess .
The most significant people have been over the last five years .
Just , ashamed and without support .
And here 's the problem : if I ca n't release it and talk about my mistakes , if I ca n't find the <unk> that tells me what 's really going on , how can I share this with my colleagues ?
How do I show you this so that they do n't make the same mistakes ?
If I would go into a place like this , I would have no idea what you think about me .
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure , after failure , after failure ?
Of course , at a party you will hear about the mistakes of other doctors , but you wo n't hear somebody talking about their own mistakes .
And if I knew and my colleagues , I 'd like , that a <unk> in my hospital fell on the wrong leg , believe me that he would have a hard time looking at the eyes .
This is the system we have .
The total denial of mistakes .
It 's the system that there are two positions : the ones that make mistakes and no -- those who ca n't sleep and the ones that are doing a lot of awful outcomes , and those who have great results .
And it 's almost like a ideological reaction , like antibodies that are starting to attack that person .
We have the idea that if you do n't go back from medicine to people who make mistakes , we will get a safe system .
But that brings two problems .
In 20 years , about diffusion and journalism , I 've made a real medical study of medical malpractice and medical errors to learn as possible , from the first article I wrote for the Toronto <unk> to my program , `` White <unk> , Black Art , '' black art .
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous .
We work in a system where mistakes are happening every day , where one in 10 drugs were <unk> in the hospital are wrong , or <unk> is not right . In a system where those infections are increasingly becoming more and more , and more numerous , causing chaos and death .
In this country , 24,000 Canadian is dying by preventable medical mistakes .
The U.S. Medicine Institute was established 100,000 .
In both cases , it 's about <unk> <unk> , because we 're not <unk> the problem as we should .
And so there are things .
A hospitable system where knowledge is going up to two or three years , and we do n't get them .
Bad sleep deprivation .
And we ca n't get rid of it .
We have cognitive biases that allow a perfect history of a patient with chest pain .
Now , take the same patient with a chest pain , she comes with a <unk> eyes , and it 's got to alcohol , and all of a sudden , my story was <unk> to contempt .
It 's not the same story .
I 'm not a robot ; I do n't do things always the same way .
And my patients are not cars . They did n't take their symptoms forever .
So the mistakes are inevitable .
So if we took the system as we were taught , and we eliminate all the professional professionals for error , well , not getting no one .
And where people do n't want to talk about their most serious cases ?
In my show , `` blank <unk> , black art , '' is already a habit saying , `` This is my worst mistake . '' I would say to everybody , from the ambulance to the head of heart surgery : `` This is my worst error '' -- blah , blah , blah , `` What are your mistakes ? '' And they 'll get the microphone to
And their students would go down , <unk> , to go down your head and make saliva and start telling their stories .
They want to tell their stories , they want to share their stories .
<unk> power to say , `` Look , do n't make the same mistake . ''
They need a context where we can do that .
They need a <unk> medical culture .
And it starts with a doctor every time .
The affordability doctor is human , you accept it , and it does n't hurt his mistakes , but he tries to learn from what happened to teach others .
It shares their experiences with them .
It 's support for those who talk about their mistakes .
They were <unk> the mistakes of other people not with the intention of getting them , but in a loving way and support for everyone to benefit .
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that humans run the system , and when this happens , they make mistakes every time .
My name is Brian Sachs .
I 'm a redefined doctor .
I 'm human , make mistakes .
I 'm sorry , but I 'm so sorry to learn something that can convey to others .
I do n't know what you think about me , but I can live with that .
And let me conclude with three personal words : I remember it .
Do you know how many decisions we take ?
Do you know how much we choose a week ?
I recently did a survey more than 2,000 people and the average amount of elections that he says he said to pick an American medium , is about 70 to the day .
Not long ago , in a research , followed by a week of presidents of presidents of presidents .
The researchers pointed out at the different tasks of these executives , and the time that we 're doing in making decisions related to those tasks .
They found that , on average , they would take jobs a week .
Naturally , every job , I had a lot of work .
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less .
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time .
Now think about your choices .
Do you know how many people belong to the category of nine minutes , and how many of an hour ?
How do you grade the way those decisions do ?
Today I want to talk about one of the major issues of today : choice at the overload of choices .
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions .
As I talk about this , I 'm going to ask you a few questions , and I need to know their answers .
When I do a question , like I 'm blind , raise your hand just if you want to burn calories .
Otherwise , when you ask a question , if your answer is positive please .
And now my first question of day : Are you ready to hear about the problem of the overload of choices ?
Thank you .
Being a graduate student at Stanford University , <unk> this supermarket at the University of a very , very high bar at the time was very sophisticated .
It was called <unk> 's .
It was almost like going to an amusement park .
There were as 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar , more than 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and a couple of water water , and this was when they took water from the faucet .
I loved going to that store , but one occasion asked me , why do n't I buy anything ?
This is the shelf in the olive oil .
They had more than 75 different kinds , including the ones that were in sealed box that came from the millennials .
I once decided to go to the manager and I asked him , `` Does this strategy right now to offer all these options ? ''
He pointed at the buses full of tourists that were coming in every day , usually with their cameras .
So we decided to do a little experiment with <unk> .
hallway .
They had different kinds of classes .
He took a post to <unk> , right at the entrance to the store .
We put it out there to be six flavors , or 24 flavors , and we looked at two things : First , what do people have been willing to stop trying to test ?
More people stopped when there were 24 , 60 percent , when there were only six , 40 percent .
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a jam pot .
Here 's the opposite effect .
Of those who stopped when there were 24 , only three percent came to buy paper .
From the ones you stopped at when she was six , we saw that 30 percent bought play .
If we do the calculations , people were six times more likely to buy play if they found six , if they found 24 .
Well , if you decide we do n't buy paper you probably want us to do , you 're less good at preserving the <unk> , but it turns out that the overload of choices overload are affecting us in momentous decisions .
We decided to do not decide , even though this wo n't be used to us .
Now the theme of day : financial savings .
I 'm going to describe to you a study that I did with <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> and Hung <unk> , where we looked at the decisions about savings for retirement retirement about a million Americans , in between 650 plans from this country .
We were interested to see whether the number of money supply plans available for retirement savings plans , the 401 program , will bring people to save for the future .
And we found that I actually had a correlation .
We had <unk> plans that were going from two , even 59 options .
We found that the greater the price of funding , there were less participation .
So if we look at the extremes , we see that in the plans that offer two funding , the participation rate was 70 percent or more , not as high as they wanted .
And in the plans that took about 60 funds , the rate of participation came down to the '60s .
It turns out that even if you decide to participate , when there 's more options , even in that case , there 's negative consequences .
So , for those who decided to participate , the bigger it was the number of choices , the more people will be involved by avoiding actions or investment funds .
As soon as we had more choices , they were more willing to invest in market financial accounts .
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would argue to optimize future financial well-being .
In the previous decade before we 've seen three major negative consequences to offer more and more possibilities .
It 's more likely to make the decision , that it 's going to make it even when this is against your self-interest .
It 's more likely to make the worst decisions -- in finance and health .
They 're more likely to pick things less satisfying , although they ca n't get them better .
The main reason is that you 're looking at that variety of <unk> , mustard , vinegar and jelly , but we 're not able to do the calculations , to compare , contrast and choose from that amazing display .
Today I want to propose to you today , four simple techniques that we 've tried , one way or another , in different investigations , so that you can rehearse in your business .
The first is , <unk> .
You 've heard it before , but it 's never been more true today , which is less .
People are always upset when I say , `` <unk> . ''
They care about losing space in <unk> .
But what we 're seeing is what we 're looking at more and more is that if you decide to cut down , get rid of strange redundant options , there will be a increase in sales , <unk> costs , there will be a better experience in choice .
When we <unk> & Gamble went from 26 different types of Head & <unk> 15 , you saw a 10 percent increase in sales .
When the Cat Golden Gate removed the products for five cats who were less sold , they increased their profits in 87 percent , by two causes : bigger sales and minor costs .
You know , supermarkets today , on average , they have 45,000 products .
In a Walmart store , there 's about 100,000 products .
But the largest store in the world today is <unk> , and it offers only 1,400 products ; a kind of tomato sauce on can .
In the world savings world , I think one of the best examples that have emerged about how to drive better choices is David <unk> , the Harvard program .
All of the employees of Harvard are automatically home to a insurance fund .
The ones who really want to choose , they 're offered 20 money , not 300 or more .
You know , people often say , `` I do n't know how to cut .
They 're all important options . ''
The first thing I do is ask employees , `` Tell me the difference between those choices .
And if their employees can not tell , you ca n't make it their customers . ''
This afternoon , before I started this session , I was talking with Gary .
He told me that I 'd be willing to offer the people in this audience on a holiday on a vacation of the most beautiful road in the world .
Here , a description .
I want you to read it .
I 'm going to leave a few seconds to read it , and then I want you to give you a hand if you 're ready to take the offer of Gary .
( Very few claps ) Okay . Anybody who 's ready to accept supply .
Do n't they ?
Well , I 'm going to show you something more .
You knew that there was a trick .
Who 's ready for that journey ?
I think I actually went to hear more hands .
All right .
Actually , you had more information on the first round , that in the second round , but I can tell you that they thought the second time was more real .
Because the images were made to be more real .
This brings me to the second technique to handle the overload of options , which is <unk> .
For people understanding differences between choices , they have to understand the consequences of each choice , and that the consequences must feel very vivid , very concrete .
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average when they use debit cards or credit , than when they use cash ?
Because it does n't seem real money .
It turns out to be more real , it can be a very positive tool for people to save more .
We did a study with <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> , who worked in <unk> , and these people were in a meeting where they were getting a 401 plan .
By that meeting , we just save exactly as you used , we made a little addition .
What we added was that we appeal to the staff to think about the positive things that were doing in their lives if they were saving more money .
With this <unk> , there was an increase in top of 20 percent and an increase in the number they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings accounts , four percent .
The third technique is <unk> .
We can handle more categories .
For example , this is a study we did in a magazine hallway .
We saw that in the supermarket <unk> 's along the northeast corridor , the magazines of magazines can contain from <unk> different types to <unk> .
But , you know ?
Because classification tells me how to tell them .
These are two <unk> displays .
One is called `` <unk> '' and the other , `` <unk> . ''
If you think the one on the left is <unk> and the one on the right is <unk> , will give you a pat .
( Huge claps ) Well , there are some .
If you think the one on the left is <unk> and the one on the right is <unk> , will give you a pat .
Well , something else .
It turns out it 's right .
The one on the left is <unk> and the right is <unk> . But you know something ?
This rating scheme is completely useless .
The categories must indicate something that you choose , not what defines them .
Often you see this problem with these huge funding lists .
Why are they reporting ?
My fourth category : <unk> complexity .
It turns out we can handle much more information than we think , if we just simplify it a little bit .
We have to increase the complexity gradually .
I 'm going to show you an example of what I mean .
Let 's look at a complicated decision ; you buy it in a car .
This is a German car manufacturer that allows them to completely <unk> .
You have to take 60 decisions , to build the car .
And these decisions vary in the number of options that offers each one .
<unk> , color outside of the car . I have 56 possibilities .
Car of the changes , of changes , four options .
What I 'm going to do is change the order of making the decisions .
So half of the customers are going to go from lots of options , 56 colors , a few , four boxes .
The other half of customers are going to go from a few options , four boxes , <unk> colors , lots of options .
And what am I going to look at ?
How involved you are .
If you get the default button in every decision , this indicates you 're overwhelmed , or it 's -- we 're losing it .
We found that you 're going from a lot of options in a few ways , put the <unk> button over and over and over again .
We lose them .
If you go from a few options , you go on there .
The same information , the same number of options .
The only thing I did was alter the order in which the information is presented .
If we start with the easy thing , you learn to choose .
Even though the choice of the changes do n't say anything about the preferences of decoration -- in all ways you make it for a choice .
We 're excited about a product that we 're building , that we now have more geeks with the process .
So to summarize .
Now , I 've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the overload of choice : <unk> , to eliminate strange alternatives -- <unk> , making it real , we can handle more categories with less choices ; we 'll get complexity .
All these techniques that I 've shown you were designed to help manage the alternatives , or better , for you , to use them in your business , or for people who serve .
It 's that I think the key thing to get the best of a choice is being careful the choice .
And the more careful we are in our choices we can practice the art of choice .
Thank you very much .
In the 1980s , in the communist Germany , if you had a writing machine , it had <unk> to the government .
I had to record a sheet of text , written with the machine .
And this is so that the government could track the origin of texts .
If they found a <unk> on the wrong message , you could track the footprint to the origin of the idea .
We do n't think in the West we do n't think that someone could do this , so much that this will make freedom of expression .
We would never do that in our countries .
But today , in 2011 , if you buy a laser printer from any large manufacturer of any large manufacturer and print a page , that page will end you have a yellow yellow dots on every page that you follow a pattern that makes them from one and your printer .
That 's happening today .
And nobody seems to have a lot of fun for this .
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us , the citizens .
And it 's one of the three main causes of problems on the network .
If we see what happens in the online world , we can put together the attacks on their attackers .
There are three main groups .
There are the cybercriminals .
Like Mr. Dimitry in Kiev 's city , in Ukraine .
The cybercriminals ' mobile is very easy to understand .
These guys make money .
They use the cyberattacks to make a lot of money , a huge amount .
There are actually many cases of millionaires online , billionaires , which would take money with their attacks .
This is Vladimir <unk> , of <unk> , Estonia .
This is Alfred Simpson .
This is Stephen Watt .
This is <unk> <unk> .
These are Matthew Anderson , <unk> <unk> and so on and so on .
These guys make their fortunes online , but they do it by illegal media using banking stations to steal money from our bills when we buy online , or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy a infected computer .
The secret of America , two months ago , froze the Swiss account of this gentleman , Sam Jain , and this bill had <unk> million dollars when it was frozen .
Mr. Jain is switch ; you do n't know his stop .
And I say that today is more likely to be a victim of a cybercriminal than a real crime .
And it 's very obvious that this is going to be worse .
In the future , most of the crimes are going online .
The second group of attackers in importance we 're looking at today is not driven by money .
There 's another thing that moves , they motivate them to concern the opinions , they motivate them to motivate them .
groups like Anonymous have been <unk> over the last 12 months occupying a prominent role in online attacks .
Those are the three major bombers : criminals who do it for money , <unk> as Anonymous they do to protest and the last group is national states that attack .
And then we see cases like <unk> .
That 's a good example of government attack against its own citizens .
<unk> is a certified authority authority authority , or actually , it was .
<unk> the last fall , the last fall because of a <unk> .
You could <unk> the security of the site and carried it to <unk> .
And last week , I asked , in a meeting with female government representatives , asked one of the leaders if they found to get rid of the death of people because of the attack on <unk> .
And the answer of him was yes .
So how do people die from a attack ?
<unk> is an <unk> authority .
Get certified .
What do the certificates serve ?
Well , you need if you have a website with <unk> , services , <unk> services , services like Gmail .
Except , you 've got a foreign <unk> authority .
And the <unk> certificates .
And in the case of <unk> that happened exactly that .
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened , for example , in Egypt ?
Well , in Egypt , the protesters belong the headquarters of the Egyptian secret police in April of 2011 , and during the dawning of the building , they found a lot of papers .
Among those papers was this folder called `` <unk> . ''
And within that folder , there was some notes from a company based in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government to intercept the communications of the citizens of the country .
They had sold this tool for 280 euros to the Egyptian government .
The company headquarters is just right here .
I mean , Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens .
But Western governments also do this to themselves .
For example in Germany , just a couple of weeks ago , just a couple of weeks ago , a <unk> used by government officials to investigate their own citizens .
If you 're suspicious of a good criminal case , it 's pretty obvious that your phone is <unk> .
But today , it goes beyond .
It 's <unk> the Internet connection .
<unk> even tools like <unk> <unk> to infect our computer with a <unk> to allow them to see all the communication , and listen to the online discussions , to get our data .
When we think carefully about things like this obvious answer should be , `` Well , it seems bad , but it does n't really affect me because I 'm an honest citizen .
Why do I worry about ?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument does n't make sense .
It 's playing privacy .
Privacy is not arguing .
It 's not a question of privacy against security .
It 's about freedom against control .
If we could trust our governments today in 2011 , any right that we 're going to do today , to be forever .
Do you blind blindly blindly in any management government , in an administration that we could have within 50 years ?
These are the questions that you have to worry about the next 50 years .
Here 's where I live . I live in Kenya , in the southern part of National Park .
These are the cows of my dad , at the bottom , and behind cows , the National Park .
The National Park of Nairobi does n't have fences in most of the South , which means that wild animals like zebras migrate outside of the park .
And predators , like lions , they follow them , and this is what they do .
Let 's fly our livestock .
This is one of those who killed at night , and so soon we got up in the morning and we found him dead , and I was dead so bad , because it was the only bull who had .
My community , the <unk> , we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to <unk> , and so we value them so much .
So I grew up hate to hate lions .
They are warriors , they are warriors protect our community and livestock , and they 're upset with the problem .
So they kill lions .
This is one of the six lions they killed in Nairobi .
I think there are so few in the National Park in Nairobi .
A child in my community , from six to nine , is responsible for the livestock of his father , and this was the same thing as to me .
So I had to find a way to solve this problem .
My first idea was to use fire , because I thought that male lions were afraid .
But I realized that this did n't really work , because I even was helping lions to see the barn .
I did n't give up . It went on .
A second idea was to use a <unk> .
It was trying to <unk> lions so they believed that I was near the pen .
But lions are very smart . They came up the first day and they saw the <unk> , and they went , but the second day , they went back and said , this thing does n't move , it 's always here . So he killed the animals .
So one night I was walking around the pen with a torch , and the male lions did n't come .
And I discovered that lions are afraid of the light that moves .
So I had an idea .
And I got a switch on which you turn on and off the lights .
And this is a little lamp of a broken lamp .
<unk> everything .
As you can see , the solar cell charge the battery , and the battery would remove the electricity to the little <unk> box . I call it a transformational .
And the <unk> box makes the light lights .
As you can see , the <unk> go out , because that 's where the lions come from .
And this is what lions do when they come from night .
<unk> lights and <unk> lions to think I 'm walking through the pen , but I 'm sleeping in my bed .
Thank you .
So I put them in my house two years ago , and since then , we never had a problem with lions .
And they heard the neighborhood .
One of them is from this grandmother .
She had killed him a lot of animals , and he asked me if I could put the lights out .
I said yes .
I put them . You can see the bottom , these are the lights for lions .
Since then , I 've installed them in seven houses in my community , and they 're serving a lot .
And my idea is also used by all Kenya , to scare other predators like hyenas , leopards , and also is being used for shy elephants .
Thanks to this invention , I was fortunate enough to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya , <unk> International School , and I 'm very excited .
My new school is now helping to raise money and <unk> .
He even led my friends to my community , and we installed lights in the houses that do n't have them , and I teach them how to put them .
So , a year ago , I was just a kid in the meadows of the savanna , the cows of my father , and I used to see airplanes , and he told me that one day would be inside one .
And today I am .
I got the opportunity to come in a plane for the first time to TED .
My big dream is to get to be an engineer of aviation and a pilot when it grows .
I used to hate lions , but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions , we can be with lions without any conflict .
<unk> <unk> . What in my tongue means thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You do n't picture how exciting it is to listen to a story like yours .
So you got a scholarship . Richard <unk> : Yes .
CA : You 're working on other electric inventions .
What 's the next on your list ?
<unk> : My next invention is -- I want to do an electrical fence . CA : An electrical fence ?
<unk> : I know it 's invented electric fences , but I want to make mine .
CA : So you 've got it once , right ? And you ... <unk> : I 've tried it before , but I stopped because I got a <unk> . CA : On the canyon , Richard <unk> , you 're a big thing .
We 're going to get it on every step you give , my friend of mine .
Thank you very much . Thank you very much .
When I was a little kid , I thought my country was the best on the planet .
And I grew up singing a song called `` No <unk> . ''
And I felt very proud .
In school , we passed away all the time studying Kim <unk> 's history , but we never learned a lot about the rest of the world , except that America , South Korea , Japan are enemies .
Though I was sometimes wondering about the rest of the world , I thought I spent all my life in North Korea , until it all changed all of a sudden .
When I was seven years old , I saw my first public execution .
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal .
My family was not poor and I had never been hungry .
But one day in 1995 , my mom brought home a letter from my sister 's colleague .
That he said , `` When we <unk> this , the five members of the family will stop there in this world , because we have n't eaten in the two weeks .
We 're focusing together on the floor , and our bodies are so weak that we 're prepared to die . ''
He was very altered .
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering from my country .
When I was walking in front of the train station , I saw something terrible that I ca n't erase from my memory .
A woman without life was dead on the street , holding a kid in his arms looking at her mother 's face without being able to do anything .
Nobody was helping them , because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families .
An enormous famine would get to North Korea in the middle of the '90s .
In the end , over a million North Koreans died during famine , and only few survived eating grass , insects and tree cortex .
They also became more and more frequently the cutting energy , all around me was completely dark at night , except for the sea lights in China , just across the river since my house .
I always wondered why they had light and we do n't .
This is a satellite picture from North Korea at night compared to the neighboring countries .
This is the <unk> River , which serves limit between North Korea and China .
As you can see , the river can be very narrow on certain points , allowing North Koreans crossing in secretly .
But many people die .
Sometimes I saw bodies floating in the river .
I ca n't reveal the details of how I left North Korea , but I can only say that during the years of famine , I was sent to China to live with distant relatives .
But I just thought I 'd be separated from my family for a short time .
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years to live together .
In China , it was difficult to live as a young woman without my family .
I had no idea how life would be as refugee <unk> .
But I soon learned that it 's not just extremely difficult , but also dangerous , because North American refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants .
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed , and it would be <unk> to a horrible fate back in North Korea .
One day , my worst nightmare was done , when I was arrested for the Chinese police , and I 'm stuck on the police station .
Somebody had been accused of being <unk> , then I was going to hold my skills in the Chinese language and so many questions .
I was <unk> .
I thought my heart was going to explode .
If it did n't look natural , it could be incarcerated and <unk> .
I thought my life was going to end .
But I managed to control my emotions and answered the questions .
At the end of the interrogation one said to another , `` This was a fake report . She 's not <unk> . ''
And they let me go . It was a miracle .
Some North Koreans in China seek asylum in foreign embassy .
But many of you can be arrested for Chinese police and <unk> .
These women were very lucky .
Though I had caught them , they were eventually released after an international pressure .
These North Koreans were n't so lucky .
Every year , countless Koreans are captured in China and <unk> to North Korea , where they 're either tortured , incarcerated or executed in public .
Though I was lucky to escape , many other North Koreans have n't been so lucky .
It 's tragic that North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard to survive .
Even after we learn a new language and find work , everybody can turn it into an instant .
That 's why , after 10 years of hiding my identity , I 've decided to be a <unk> going to South Korea .
And I started a new life again .
<unk> in South Korea was a much greater challenge than I expected .
English was very important in South Korea , I had to start learning my third language .
Also , I understood that there was a big gap between North and South .
We are all Koreans , but inside , we 've become very different because of 67 years of division .
Even through an identity crisis .
Am I <unk> or <unk> ?
Where am I ? Who am I ?
Suddenly , there was n't a country I could call with pride myself .
Though I went to life in Korea in Korea , it was n't easy , I made a plan . I started studying for the income exam .
Just when I was starting to interview my new life , I got an alarming call .
The North Korean authorities had some money I sent to my family , and as punishment , my family was going to be displaced to a location from the outskirts .
They had to run away from immediately .
So I started planning how to help them escape .
North Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom .
It 's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea .
So ironically , I took a flight to China and went to the border of North Korea .
Because my family could n't speak Chinese , I had to mentor them , somehow , for over three thousand miles across China , and then through Southeast Asia .
The journey in <unk> took a week , and we almost got caught .
Once , our bus was stopped and approached by a Chinese police officer .
He asked everybody , and he started asking them questions .
Like my family I could n't understand Chinese , I thought my family was going to be arrested .
When the Chinese official came to my family , I stood up to my family , I stood up and told me they were people who was accompanying .
He looked at me , but I was fortunately .
We made the whole way to the tropics border .
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe border guards .
But even after the border , my family was arrested and imprisoned for crossing the border illegally .
After paying tickets and bribes , my family was released in a month .
But in time , my family was arrested and incarcerated again in their capital .
This was one of the lowest points in my life .
I did everything to liberate my family , and we were so close , but my family was <unk> in prison at a distance from South Korean embassy .
I went and came in between the immigration office and the police station , desperately trying to release my family .
But he did n't have enough money to pay more bribes or speeding tickets .
I lost hope .
At that moment , or the voice of a man , I wonder , `` What 's the problem ? ''
I was so surprised that a stranger would mind to ask .
With my poor English , and a dictionary , I explained to him the situation , and no doubt , the man went into the ATM machine and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for another two North Koreans and take them out of prison .
I thank you with my heart , and I asked him , `` Why do help me ? ''
`` I 'm not helping you , '' he said .
I 'm helping the people <unk> .
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life .
The kind stranger <unk> a new hope for me and for the people we needed to do it .
And it showed me that the kindness of strangers and the support of the international community is really the lightning lining that the people will be needed .
Over time , after our long journey , my family and I met in South Korea .
But they get their freedom to be half the battle .
Many North Koreans are separated from their families , and when they go to a new country , they start with little or no money .
So , we can benefit from the international community with education , in the language of English , work practices , and more .
We can also act as a bridge between people inside North Korea and the rest of the world .
Because many of us continue in contact with family yet , and we send information and money that 's helping to change North Korea from the inside .
I 've been very lucky , I 've received a lot of help and inspiration in my life , so I want to help North Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support .
I 'm sure you 're going to see more and more North Koreans around the world , including on the TED stage .
Thank you .
I live in the South Center .
This is a South Center : <unk> stores , fast food , <unk> land .
So the city planners came together and thought , we 're going to change the name of South Center to represent something more , so they changed to the South L.A. , as if this is what 's wrong in the city .
This is South L.A . <unk> from <unk> , fast food , <unk> land .
Just like <unk> millions of other Americans , I live in a food desert , L.A. Center for the <unk> of food places to bring and to eat in the car .
The kicker is that the food places to kill more people than food in the car .
People are dying of treatable illness in Los Angeles Center .
For example , the rate of obesity in my neighborhood is five times greater than , say , Beverly Hills , which is about 15 miles away .
I emphasize that this happens .
And I wonder , how would you feel if you did n't have access to healthy food , and if every time you come out of the house , you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in their neighborhood ?
I saw chairs of wheels and sold as a car used .
I see dialysis centers like Starbucks .
And I consider this to stop .
I think the problem is the solution .
Food is the problem , and it 's the solution .
And I 've also got tired of driving 45 minutes back and forth to buy an apple which is not pesticides .
What I did , was planting a forest forest in front of my house .
In a land of land we call a gardening .
It 's about 45 feet .
The point is , it belongs to the city .
But you have to keep it .
I said , `` Well , I can do what comes me in wins , because it 's my responsibility and I have to keep it . ''
So that 's how I decided to keep it .
So my group and I , L.A. Green <unk> , put us together and we started planting our food forest , <unk> trees , you know , the nine whole vegetables .
What we do , we 're a kind of paid group of advance for gardeners of all the backgrounds , all of the city and completely volunteer , and everything we do is free .
And the garden was beautiful .
Then someone complained .
The city got me on the city , and I was given a <unk> saying that I had to remove my garden , the <unk> became court .
And I said , `` Come on , right ?
A criminal order by planting a piece of land in a piece of land that nobody cares ? '' So , `` Well , <unk> . ''
Because this time was n't going to happen .
The L.A. Times had a story written by Steve <unk> , and I spoke to the <unk> and one of the <unk> Green members who put a petition in <unk> , with 900 firms , were a success .
We had the victory in our hands .
My <unk> even called to say that <unk> and loved what we were doing .
I mean , go , why is n't it ?
L.A. is the city of the United States with more <unk> land .
It 's <unk> <unk> miles .
That 's equivalent to 20 Central Parks .
That 's enough space for planting million tomato plants .
Why on earth do n't it look like this ?
You 'll get a plant to give a thousand , 10,000 seeds .
When a dollar of <unk> will give you 75 dollars a result .
It 's my anthem , when I tell people , they cultivate your own food .
You get your own food , it 's like print your own money .
You see , I have a legacy for the South Center .
I grew up there . Let my children there .
I 'm going to become part of this <unk> reality that was <unk> for me for others , and I 'm going to manufacture my own reality .
You see , I 'm an artist .
<unk> is my graffiti , I culture my art .
Like an artist of graffiti , that <unk> walls , I <unk> soils , <unk> .
I use the garden , the land , as a piece of canvas , and the plants and the trees , are my <unk> of that canvas .
You 'd be surprised to see what the earth can do , if you let their canvas .
You just ca n't imagine how amazing it is sunflower and how it affects people .
What happened ?
I witnessed how my garden became a tool of education , of the transformation of my neighborhood .
To change the community , you have to change the composition of the land .
We are the land .
You 'd be surprised to see how they affect the kids .
<unk> is the most therapeutic and provocative act that they can do , especially in a <unk> .
Furthermore , they get strawberries .
I remember one occasion , who came up with a mother and his daughter , were like the secrets of the night and were in my backyard , salt and saw very <unk> .
I , well , man , I felt bad that they were there , and I said , you know , you do n't have to do this .
This is in the street for a reason .
I felt shame when I saw people so close to me hungry , and this just reinforces why I do this , people ask me , `` End , do n't let people go to steal your food ? ''
I 'm saying , `` My God no , I do n't fear that you go to steal . ''
That 's why it 's on the street .
That 's what it 's about .
I want you to take it , but at your time , I want you to hold your health . ''
There was another time that I put a garden in a shelter to <unk> in the center of Los Angeles .
They were these guys , who helped me to download the truck .
It was fabulous , they shared me their stories about how this had been affected and how they used to plant with her mom and her grandmother , and it was fabulous to see how this changed it , so it was just for a moment .
So , Green <unk> has come to plant maybe 20 gardens .
We 've had , like 50 people who come from , work and participate , all on volunteer plan .
If the kids are grown <unk> , the kids will eat <unk> .
If you 're growing tomatoes , they 'll eat tomatoes . But if none of this is taught , if you 're not taught how food affects your mind and body , they eat blind , they 're going blind .
I see young people who want to work , but they have this thing in which they 're trapped , and I see kids that are on this way , designed for them , which does n't take them anywhere .
With gardening , I see an opportunity in which we can train these kids who are <unk> from their communities to have a sustainable life .
And when we do this , who knows ?
Maybe there 's the next George Washington <unk> .
But if we do n't change the composition of land , we will never do it .
Now this is one of my plans , this is something I want to do .
I want to plant a whole block of gardens , where people can share food on the same block .
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy coffees .
Do n't get me wrong .
I 'm not talking about free things , because free is not sustainable .
The curious about sustainability is that you have to <unk> it .
What I 'm talking about is to put people on the street , taking the kids out of the street , who know the joy , the pride and the honor of growing their own food , opening farmers by opening farmers .
What I want to do here , we have to make it sexy .
I want you all to become <unk> <unk> , <unk> , gardeners <unk> .
We need to change the script of what 's a <unk> .
If you 're not a gardener , you 're not a <unk> .
You know , you 're going to take them to take their butts right ?
That 's their weapon of choice .
In sum , if you want to meet with me , well , if you want to see me , you wo n't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about making some crap -- to talk about making some crap .
If you want to see me , come to the garden with your shovel so that we can plant something .
Peace . Thank you .
Thank you .
( <unk> noise ) You probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road .
It 's made from asphalt , and asphalt is a good material for driving , but not always , particularly not in days as today , where it rains a lot .
You can have a lot of water in asphalt that makes a splash .
And especially if you go on your bike , and these cars go through , that 's not very nice .
Also , asphalt can make a lot of noise .
It 's a noisy material , and if we build roads , like in the Netherlands , very close to cities , we would want a silent road .
The solution for that is to do roads of porous asphalt .
<unk> , <unk> material , a material that we use now in most of the roads of the Netherlands , has the pores and the water can pass through it , so all the rain water flows sideways and you 'll have a road because it 's easy to drive , and you do n't make water anymore .
Noise also disappear in these pores .
Because it 's very hollow , all the noise disappear , so it 's a very silent road .
It also has a disadvantages , of course , and the disadvantage of this road is that you can get rid of it .
So what is it going to get rid of ? You see that in this road the stones are coming out .
One stone , then several more and more and more , etc. , and then -- well , I wo n't do that . But you can hurt him your windshield , and you wo n't be happy with that .
And finally , this can also lead to more and more damage .
Sometimes you can create holes with that .
Ah . It 's ready .
<unk> , of course , that you can become a problem , but we have a solution .
So here you can actually see how damage happens in this material .
It 's porous asphalt , as I said , so you only have a small amount of <unk> between the stones .
Because of the elements , the ultraviolet light , to oxidation , this <unk> , this <unk> , the glue between <unk> , <unk> , and if you <unk> , you will be <unk> and separate from <unk> .
So if you drive along the road , you 'll take the <unk> -- you 'll take the <unk> .
To solve this problem , we think of <unk> materials .
If we can make this material , we 'll probably have a solution .
So what we can do is use steel wool , from that to clean <unk> , and we can cut the wool of steel in very small pieces , and we can mix those little pieces with the <unk> .
So we have asphalt with little pieces of steel wool in it .
Then you need a machine , like you see here , that you use to cook -- a induction machine .
The induction can heat , especially steel , is very good at that .
So what you need to do is heat the steel , melt the <unk> flow , the <unk> flow by these <unk> and stones will become back to the surface .
Today I used a microwave oven , because I ca n't bring the big induction machine here to the stage .
The microwave oven is a similar system .
I put the show , which now I 'm going to pull out to see what happened .
This is the sample that comes out now .
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples .
We tried a lot of samples there , and then the government , actually saw our results , and they thought , `` Well , that 's really interesting . We need to try . ''
So you gave us a piece of road , 400 meters of the <unk> highway , where we had to make a lane of test to test this material .
So that 's what we did there . You see where we were doing the test test , and then , of course , this road will last several years without any damage . That 's what we know about practice .
We took a lot of samples from this road and tested them in the lab .
So we made our samples as samples , we put a lot of charge on them , and we put a lot of charge into our induction , and the realization , and we went back to try it .
We can repeat this many times .
Well , to conclude , I can tell you that we 've made a material using steel fibers , bringing these fibers together , using induction energy to actually increase the life of the surface of the road , even you can double the life of the surface .
And now , of course , they 're curious about if this also worked .
We still have the sample here . It 's pretty hot .
Actually , you have to cool it first before you can show you how repairability works .
But I 'm going to make an attempt .
Let 's see . Yeah , it worked .
Thank you .
When I was 11 years old , I remember having woken up one morning with the sound of <unk> in my house .
My father was listening to News television in his little gray radio .
He had a big smile on his face that was unusual at those time , because news is usually <unk> .
`` The Taliban went ! '' `` The Taliban went . ''
I did n't know what it meant , but I could see that my father was very , very happy .
`` Now you can go to a real school , '' he said .
One morning I will never forget .
A real school .
You see , I was six years old when the Taliban ran out of Afghanistan and made illegal girls to go to school .
For the next five years , I was shocked as a child to join my older sister , who could n't be used anymore , to go to a secret school .
It was the only way we could ever educate them .
Every day , we took a different route so that no one could be suspicious where we were going .
We had to hide the books in the market so that it looks like we were shopping .
The school was at a house , over 100 of us stuffed in a small room .
It was nice in the winter , but extremely hot in summer .
We knew we knew our lives , the teacher , the students and our parents .
Occasionally , school closed suddenly a week , because the Taliban suspect .
We always wondered what they knew .
Were they following us ?
Did you know where we live ?
We were <unk> , but yet , the school was where we wanted to be .
I was really lucky to grow in a family where education was <unk> and the daughters to a treasure .
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time .
A total <unk> in Afghanistan in Afghanistan , <unk> that his daughter , my mother , went to school , and so his father was <unk> .
But my educated mother became a teacher .
This is her .
She retired two years ago , just to turn our home in school for girls and women in our neighborhood .
And my father , this is , was the first of his family to get education .
There was no doubt that their children had to be educated , even their daughters , despite the Taliban , despite the risks .
For him , there was a greater risk in not to educate her children .
Over the years of the Taliban , I remember that there were moments that I was very frustrated with our life , and he was always scared and he did n't see a future .
I wanted to give up , but my father said , `` <unk> , my daughter , you can lose everything you have in life .
You can steal your money . You can force yourself to leave your house during a war .
But there 's one thing that will always be with you , what 's here , and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education , we will .
So , do you still want not to continue ? ''
I 'm 22 years old today .
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed for decades of war .
Less than six percent of the women of my age have more than high school , and if my family had not been so engaged in my education , I would be one of them .
Instead , I meet here proud to graduate in <unk> College .
When I went back to Afghanistan , my grandfather , the one who was home from her home to educate her daughters , was one of the first to congratulate me .
He 's not just getting rid of my college degree , but I was also the first woman , and I 'm the first woman , I 'm driving on the streets of Kabul .
My family believes in me .
I dream a big dream , but my family has even bigger dreams for <unk> .
That 's why I 'm the global ambassador to <unk> , a global campaign to educate women .
That 's why I cofounded <unk> , the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan , a country in which is still risky for girls to go to school .
The exciting thing is that I see the students in my school with the strong desire to harness the opportunity .
And I see their parents and their families that , like mine , <unk> them in spite , even in front of a grim opposition .
Like Ahmed . It 's not his true name , and I ca n't show you his face , but Ahmed is the father of one of my students .
Less than a month ago , he and his daughter were going from <unk> to his village , and literally he escaped from being killed by a bomb on the way , for minutes .
When you get to your house , they 're the phone , a voice would tell him that if I keep sending your daughter to school , they would go back and try .
`` <unk> , if you want , '' he said , `` But it does n't hurt the future of my daughter for his old and <unk> ideas . ''
What I 've realized from Afghanistan , and it 's something that is often forgotten in the West , is that behind most of the <unk> , there 's a father who recognized the value of your daughter , and it sees that the success of her own success .
It does n't mean that our mothers have n't been key to our success .
In fact , they 're often the very compelling <unk> of the brilliant future of their daughters , but in the context of a society like Afghanistan , we need the support of men .
Under the Taliban , the girls who went to school are in a hundred -- remember , illegal .
But today , over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan .
Afghanistan is so different from here in the United States .
I find that the Americans see the fragility of changes .
And I 'm afraid these changes did n't last a lot , after the U.S. troops .
But when I go back to Afghanistan , when I look at the students in my school and their parents who are hanging out for them , I 'm seeing a future future and a lasting change .
For me , Afghanistan is a country of hope and endless possibilities , and every day of <unk> girls remember me .
Like me , they 're in big one .
Thank you .
I never , I 've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in exile : `` <unk> , resists Gaddafi . Get against him .
But you never go back a style Gaddafi . ''
They 've spent almost two years since the <unk> revolution was inspired by the surge of massive <unk> revolution from the Egyptian revolution .
A forces with a lot of other <unk> citizens , in and outside of the country to attract a day of anger and initiate a revolution against the <unk> regime of Gaddafi .
And we did it ; it was a big revolution .
Women , young men , were at the cutting edge , pushing the fall of the regime , carrying billboards , their dignity and social justice .
They 've shown a courage to cross the brutal dictatorship of Gaddafi .
They 've shown a great sense of solidarity from the Far East , to the West , to the South .
Finally , after a period of six months of brutal war and a loss of about 50,000 dead , we managed to release our country and overthrowing the tyrant .
However , Gaddafi left a heavy burden , a legacy of tyranny , corruption and seeds of disruption .
For four decades , the <unk> regime of Gaddafi destroyed the infrastructure , the culture and the moral structure of the <unk> society .
Be aware of the devastation and the challenges , I 've wanted to , along with a lot of other women , rebuild human civil society , pushing an inclusive transition and just towards democracy and national reconciliation .
So , about 200 organizations in <unk> , and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi , about 300 in <unk> .
After a period of 33 years of exile , I went back to Libya and with a single enthusiasm , started organizing workshops on the development of capabilities , and leadership skills .
With an incredible group of women , we started the focus of Women <unk> <unk> , a movement of women , a movement of very diverse orientation to advocate for the female range of women , and by our law of participation equal to the building of democracy and peace .
And I found myself with a very difficult environment in the <unk> period -- an environment that was increasingly <unk> , which will be governed from selfish policies of dominance and exclusion .
Over time , our initiative was embraced and successful .
Women won a <unk> percent of the National Congress in the first election in 52 years .
However , gradually , the elation of elections and the revolution as a whole , were disappearing ; every day we found news of violence .
One day , we woke up with the news of the <unk> of ancient mosques and Sufi graves .
Another day <unk> with the news of the American Ambassador 's killing and the attack on the <unk> .
Another day , we woke up with the news of the killing of the military .
And every day , every day , we woke up with the militias government and their nonstop violations of human rights in the prisoners and their lack of respect for the law .
Our society made up of a revolutionary mindset , and it 's removed from the ideal and principles of freedom , dignity , social justice , that we had at the beginning .
intolerance , the exclusion of exclusion , became the icons of the consequences of the revolution .
I 'm not here today at all to inspire us with our history of the success of the <unk> list and the elections .
I 'm rather here today to confess that we , as a nation , we choose to make the wrong decision .
We do n't prioritize well .
Because elections did n't bring peace , stability and security to Libya .
The <unk> list and the <unk> between candidates and candidates brought peace and reconciliation ?
No , they did n't .
What happened then ?
Why is our society on polarized and dominated with selfish policies of dominance and exclusion , both by men like women ?
Maybe what was missing was not only women , but the women 's own women 's values and mercy and inclusion .
Our society needs the national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than the election of elections needed , that only push the polarization and division .
Our nation needs the qualitatively of the feminine representation that needs the numerical and quantitative representation of it .
We need to stop acting as agents of outrage and call days of anger .
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy .
We have to develop a female discourse , not only <unk> , but also put up in practice in practice , rather than vengeance , collaboration instead of competition , inclusion rather than exclusion .
These are the ideals that Libya , shattered by war , desperately needs to end up with peace .
Because peace has a alchemy that comes from the interrelationship and <unk> between female perspectives and male perspectives .
That 's the real <unk> .
We need to establish that in an existential way before doing it <unk> .
According to a <unk> of the Koran `` <unk> '' -- peace -- `` is the word of the merciful God , '' `` <unk> , compassionate , compassionate . ''
At the same time , the word `` <unk> , '' which is known in all the traditions of it , has the same root of Arabic , which is the word `` <unk> '' -- uterus , the feminine and motherly thing , which covers the humanity of men and women , who all tribes , and all of the peoples <unk> .
And so , just like the uterus completely covers the embryo , that grows in , the divine matrix of compassion is giving up the entire existence .
It 's like , `` My mercy covers all the things . ''
It 's like , `` My mercy is prevalent about my anger . ''
That they 're all <unk> the grace of mercy .
Thank you .
I 'm here today to talk to you about a disturbing question , which has an equally disturbing answer .
It 's about the secrets of domestic violence , and the question I 'm going to address is the one that everybody else is ever doing : Why is she left ?
Why would anyone get to stay with a man who sticks it ?
I 'm not a psychiatrist , no social worker , no expert in domestic violence .
I 'm just a woman with a story to tell .
I was 22 years old . I was just late at Harvard University .
I had moved to New York for my first work as a writer and editor in <unk> magazine .
I had my first apartment , my first <unk> green Express , and I had a very big secret .
My secret was that many , many times , the man , who I believed my twin soul , was going to my head with a pistol , charged with <unk> bullets .
The man , the one who loved anyone in this world , put a gun in my head and threatened to kill me more than I can remember .
I 'm here to tell you the story of `` crazy love , '' a psychological trap , in love of love , where they fall every year , and even a million women , and even some men .
It could even be your story .
I do n't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence .
I 'm <unk> at Harvard University , and I have an MBA at Harvard Business School .
I 've spent the most part of my career working for the `` Fortune 500 '' companies , the Johnson & Johnson , Leo <unk> and The Washington Post .
I 'm almost 20 years old with my second husband , and we have three children .
My dog is a black <unk> , and I lead a <unk> <unk> Center .
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone , all races , all of the religions , all of our income levels and education .
It 's everywhere .
And my second message is that everyone thinks that domestic violence happens to women , which is a problem of women .
Not exactly .
More than 85 percent of the <unk> are men , and domestic abuse only happens in intimate , interdependent and <unk> , or said otherwise , in the families , the last place where we would want or hope to find violence , which is why , domestic abuse , it turns <unk> .
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world who would be left with a man who was left with a man who grabbed it , and I was actually a very typical victim because of my age .
I was 22 years old , and in the United States , women were three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence victims than other ages , and over 500 women and girls of age are killed every year by couples , boyfriends and husbands in the United States .
I was also a typical victim because I did n't know anything about domestic violence , his warning signals or his patterns .
I met <unk> in a cold and rainy night of January .
I was sitting next to the subway in New York City , and he started <unk> with me .
He said two things .
The first was that he also had a college university university , and I was working on a very important bank of Wall Street .
But what struck me most about that first meeting was that it was ready and fun , and that it seemed like a field guy .
He had a few big <unk> as a apples , and a little wheat hair , and it seemed so sweet .
One of the smartest things he did , from the beginning , was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner .
He did it especially at the beginning of a pedestal .
We started out and I loved everything about me : that I was ready , that I had gone to Harvard , who would put passion to help teenage girls , and my job .
I wanted to know all about my family , my childhood , my dreams and illusions .
I believed in me , as a writer and as a woman , as no one had ever done .
And it was why the bachelor 's degree at that <unk> school and the job on Wall Street and his bright future had so much importance to it .
I did n't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is seduced and <unk> the victim .
And I did n't know that the second step is <unk> .
Now , the last thing I wanted to do was I 'm going to go from New York and leave my dreams work , but I thought I 'd got to do a sacrifices for your partner , so I accepted , I left my job and <unk> and we went together from Manhattan .
I had no idea that I was falling into a crazy love , which was coming in head on a physical , physical and psychological psychological psychological .
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it reacts .
And here 's where those guns come in .
As soon as we moved to New England , you know , that place where I was supposed to be so sure it bought three guns .
One was in the <unk> of the car .
Another kept underneath the pillow on our bed and the third always in his pocket .
And he said that he needed these guns because he had a small cause of trauma that lived in small .
I needed them to feel secure .
But those guns were actually a message for me , and even though I had never lifted up my hand , my life was now serious danger , every minute of every day .
The first <unk> physical attack happened five days before our wedding .
It was seven in the morning and I still had the <unk> .
Five days later , when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared , I put my mother 's girlfriend 's girlfriend , and I married him .
Despite what had happened , I was confident that we were living happily forever , because I loved it , and he wanted me too much .
And I was very , very privileged .
It was just very overwhelmed by the wedding and the fact that I 'm going to form a family with me .
I had been a isolated accident , and I was never more about it .
I spent twice as on our moon .
The first time I was driving on a secret beach , and I lost it , and he gave me so strong in the head that <unk> several times against the window of the car .
And then , a couple of days later , driving back from our moon of honey , went through the traffic and threw a Big Mac cold to the face .
<unk> followed one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage .
I was reminded when I thought it was the only one in this situation .
One of three American women is a domestic violence victim , or bullying at some point in their life , and the Center for Disease Control that every year , 15 million children are abused , 15 million .
So , actually , I had a very good company .
Back to my question , why did I stay ?
The answer is simple .
I did n't know he was abusing me .
On the contrary , I was a very strong woman , in love with a deeply <unk> man , and it was the only person in the world who could help us to face their demons .
The other question that everybody does is : Why do n't you just go ?
Why did n't I go ? I could have been at any time .
For me , this is the saddest and agonizing question that people are doing , because we , victims , we know something that normally you ignore : It 's incredibly dangerous to abandon a <unk> .
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is to kill her .
More than 70 percent of the killings in domestic violence are happening after the victim is placed to the relationship , after getting away , because then the <unk> has nothing to lose .
Other repercussions include permanent harassment , even after the <unk> has come back to marry , <unk> of financial resources , and manipulation of the family 's judicial system to accommodate the victim and their children , who normally are forced for judges to spend time not with the man who <unk> their mother .
And we still follow asking why it 's simply not going ?
I was able to go , because of one last beat beat up that beat my denial .
I realized that the man who loved it so much , would have killed me if he was allowed .
So I broke the silence .
I told everybody to the world , the police , my neighbors , my friends and family , to all of my friends and family , and I 'm here today because all of you have helped me .
We have the tendency to <unk> victims as spooky headlines , <unk> women , damaged goods .
The question , `` Why is it left ? ''
And for some people , it 's a way to say `` guilt is his for staying , '' as if the victims were <unk> in love with men who want to destroy us .
But since I published `` Love love '' , I 've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who also escaped , who learned a lesson from what happened to them , and they would promote their lives joyful lives and happy , as they staff , wives and mothers , completely free life of violence , like mine .
Because it turns out that I am actually a victim and a survivor of domestic violence .
I became marrying with a cute little guy , and we have those three kids .
I have that <unk> black and also that <unk> .
What 's not going to do is ever ever else , ever , is a fancy gun pointing to my head in someone who says he wants me .
Right now , like , `` <unk> , that 's fascinating , '' or `` <unk> , how stupid it was , '' but all this time , I 've actually been talking about you .
I assure you that there are a few people who are listening to me right now , who are being battered , or that they are being abused or they 're <unk> themselves .
<unk> might be affecting their daughter , their sister , to their best friend right now .
I was able to end my crazy particular love , breaking the silence .
And I keep doing it today .
It 's my way to help other victims , and it 's my last request to you .
Talk about what you 've heard here .
<unk> thrives in silence .
They have the power to end domestic violence simply throwing light on it .
The victims we need all the world .
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence .
Take the abuse of abuse with their children , their coworkers , their friends and family .
They were monitoring their vision of survivors as fantastic , lovely people , who have a full future .
We were doing the early signs of violence to intervene consciously , to slow down their climb and show the victims a safe way .
Together , we can turn our beds , our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful curriculum that they should be .
Thank you .
Hello . I call me Cameron Russell , and for a while , I am a model .
To be precise , for 10 years .
And I feel that right now , there 's an awkward strain in the room because I should n't have dress that way . Luckily , I brought clothes to change .
This is the first change of clothing on a TED stage , so you 're very lucky about <unk> , I think .
If some of the women were horrified when I come out , they do n't have to do it now , but I 'll find it later on Twitter .
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds .
Not everyone has that opportunity .
These heels are very uncomfortable ; it 's less bad that I do n't have to use them .
The worst part is to go through this sweater for your head , because it 's when you 're going to laugh at me , so you do n't do anything while I cover my head .
All right .
Why have I done this ?
It 's been embarrassing .
Well , I hope not as much as this picture .
The appearance is powerful , but also shallow .
I 've totally changed what they thought about me in six seconds .
And in this picture , I had never had a boyfriend in the real life .
I was totally uncomfortable and a photographer told me to take my back , and I would take my hair 's hair .
Of course , with surgery , or an artificial <unk> , like the one I made two days ago for work , there 's very little that we can do to transform our appearance , which , even though superficial and unchanging , has a huge impact on our lives .
So today , to me , will be courageous to be honest .
I 'm on this stage because I 'm a model .
Because I 'm a nice , white woman , and in my job sector , that 's being a sexy girl .
I 'm going to answer the questions that people always do , but I 'm honest .
The first question is , how do you get to be a model ?
And I always say , `` Well , I was discovered , but that does n't mean anything . ''
The real reason I made myself model is because I won the genetic lottery , and I 'm the roles of a heritage , and maybe you 're wondering what this heritage is .
Well , over the last few centuries , we have not only defined the beauty as the health , youth and symmetry , which we are biologically programmed to admire , we 've also associated with a high and <unk> figure , to womanhood and white skin .
And that is my heritage , the heritage that I 've known to leverage money .
And I know there are people in the audience that are now shown to be skeptical , and maybe there are some <unk> that you 're going to say -- Hold on . There are Naomi <unk> , <unk> , Joan <unk> , Liu Wen .
First of all , we would take them through knowing so much of models . It 's amazing .
But unfortunately , I have to report that in 2007 , a Ph.D. student at the University of New York she told all and every one of the models on the runway , and the <unk> models , only 27 , is to say less than four percent , they were not white .
The next question that people always do is : Does it be a model when it 's bigger ?
And my first answer is : I do n't know , I do n't care about that .
But then , what I would really tell you with each of these girls is : Why ? You can be whatever you want .
You can be president of the United States , or the inventor of the next Internet , or a <unk> <unk> surgeon , which would be awesome , because you 're the first one .
If after this spectacular list , they still insist , no , no , Cameron , I want to be a model , so I say , I know my boss .
Because I 'm not in charge of anything , and you could be the head of writing from American American magazine or the H & M director , or the next Steven <unk> director .
To say that more you want to be a model is to say you want to win the lottery when you 're bigger .
It 's out of your control , it 's amazing , and it 's not a job you can choose .
I 'm going to show you all that I learned in 10 years as a model , because , unlike <unk> surgery , can be summarized right now .
I do n't know what happened there .
Unfortunately , once you 've finished your studies , you have a rsum , and you have a rsum and you have a rsum , and you have a rsum , and you have a rsum , you know , if you said you said to be the president of the United States , but your resume would say , <unk> of underwear for 10 years , people would look
The next question that people always do is if all of the photos were <unk> .
And yes , it 's pretty much given up all the photos , but that 's just a small part of what happens .
This was the first picture that they took me , and I was also the first time I used a bikini , and I did n't even have my period yet .
I know we 're entering the personal field , but it was a little girl .
This was this next to my grandmother a few months before .
These two pictures are the same day .
My friend came with me .
Here I am at a slumber party a few days before the photos for French French .
Here I am with my football team , and I saw the V .
And this is me today .
And I hope you realize that I 'm not in those pictures .
They 're creations of a group of professionals , <unk> , <unk> , photographers and <unk> , and all their <unk> and <unk> people , and they get this . That 's not me .
Well , the next question that people always do is , `` Would you give me free things ? ''
I 've got too much high heels of 20 inches and I 'll never use , except for the previous pair , but the privilege I get are the ones I get in the real life , and the ones we do n't like to speak .
I grew up in Cambridge , and I once went to a grocery store and I forgot to take money , and they gave me the free dress .
When I was a teenager , I was traveling with my friend who was a very bad driver ; he jumped a red light , and of course , they stood up , and it took it , and it took the sorry , agent in order to keep driving .
I love this privilege for my appearance , not for what I am , and there are people who are paying a price for their way no matter who they are .
I live in New York City , and last year , of teenagers ' teenagers that they were met and recorded , 86 percent were black and Latino , and most of them were young men .
And there are only black and Latino young people in New York , so for them , is n't a question of <unk> ?
But how many times do I get bored ? And when ?
When I investigate this talk , I found out that at 53 percent of the <unk> girls in the United States do n't like your body , and that figure rises to 78 percent to 17 .
So , the last question that people are doing is : How is life of a model ?
And I think the answer to you is : If you 're a little thinner and you have the smartest hair , you 'll be very happy and happy .
And behind the cameras , we give an answer that maybe looks like this .
We say , it 's really wonderful to travel , and also amazing power to work with creative and resourceful , passionate people .
And all of that is true , but it 's just a part of what 's going on , because what we 're never saying in front of the cameras , what I 've never said before , is : I 'm insecure .
And I 'm because I have to worry about my whole day .
And if you 're ever wondering , do you have more thin legs and the brightest hair , will be happier ?
They only have to meet with a group of models , because they have the thin legs , the brighter hair and the clothing , but probably the women physically unsafe on the planet .
But especially it was hard to look at a situation of racial and gender oppression when I am one of the biggest <unk> .
If there 's something that will retain this talk , I hope you all feel more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image in the perception of success and failure .
Thank you .
Photography has been my passion ever since I was the biggest enough to hold a camera , but today I want to share with you my 15 most precious pictures , and I did n't get it .
There was no artistic directors , no <unk> , no chance to repeat the photos , even a minimum enough in the lighting .
In fact , most of them were taken away from random tourists .
My story begins when , I 'm standing in New York City to give a lecture , my wife dragged me this photo holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday , and that 's the corner of 57 and five .
He just happened that we went back to New York just a year later , so we decided to take the same picture .
Well , you can imagine what comes right now .
When I was approaching the third birthday of my daughter , my wife said to me , `` Why do n't you take to <unk> New York on a <unk> journey and follow the ritual ? ''
So here 's when we started to ask the tourists that would happen to us .
It 's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete stranger is so universal .
No one has never been denied , and fortunately , no one has ever been able to go through the camera .
So we were n't aware of how much we were going to change this journey .
It became something sacred for us .
This picture is a few weeks after the <unk> , and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day so that a six-year-old girl could understand it .
These pictures are much more than representations of a particular moment or a specific journey .
They 're also a way to stop time in October a week of October , and we think about our time and our evolution over the years , and not only a physical level , but in all the senses .
Because even though we get the same picture , our perspective changes , my daughter reaches around new days , and I can see life through his eyes and how you perceive and interact with everything .
That particular time that we spend together is something we hope for the whole year .
Recently , in one of the trips , we were walking , when suddenly , it was stopped in the dry and pointed out a red <unk> of the toy shop that I loved in a little bit of earlier visits .
And it was described to me what was about five years old in that place .
<unk> that he remembered his heart with strength when you see that place for the first time nine years ago .
And now what 's in New York are universities , because it 's determined to study in New York .
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we create are memories .
So , I want to share the idea of being active in the conscious creation of memories .
I do n't know about you , but aside from these 15 pictures , I 'm not dating many of the family pictures .
I 'm always the one who pulls the photo .
Today , I want to encourage you all to come up in the picture , and you do n't get to go into somebody and ask him , `` Do you take a picture ? ''
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals .
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world .
The rabbits are found in the most threatened bird group .
First of all , why do they have so bad press ?
We 've also been associated with Disney laughter <unk> , stupid , stupid characters .
More recently , if you 've been following the press , you know , laughter and applause , these are the attributes that associated with the Kenyan Parliament , but I do n't accept it .
I do n't accept it . You know why ?
Because members of Parliament do n't keep the environment , the <unk> do n't help prevent the spread of disease .
They 're hardly monogamous . They 're far from extinct , and my favorite , the rabbits have better presence . There are two types of rabbits on this planet .
There 's the New World Prize being found mainly in the Americas , like <unk> and <unk> , and the Middle World rabbits , where we have 16 species -- from these 16 , 11 face a high risk of extinction .
So why , why are rabbits important ? First of all , they provide your <unk> green services .
They 're our gatherers of natural garbage .
<unk> dead people up to the bone .
They help killing all the bacteria , they help absorb anthrax that would not be because they would spread and cause large losses of livestock and diseases in other animals .
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there 's no rabbits , the cadavers are taking from three to four times more <unk> , and this has huge ramifications of disease spread .
The rabbits have huge historical importance .
They 've been associated with the old Egyptian culture .
He was the symbol of the protective and the maternity symbol , and along with the king cobra , they took the unit between the cafe and the Under Egypt .
In the Indian mythology , <unk> was the god <unk> , and he risked his life to save the <unk> goddess of the Tasmanian devil .
In <unk> culture , they 're very important buried in open sky , and in places like Tibet , there is no place to bury the dead , or wood to cooperate , so these rabbits provide a system of natural disposal .
What 's the problem with rabbits ?
We have eight species of rabbits in Kenya , of which six are at extreme threatened to extinction .
The reason is that you 're being poisoned , and the reason they 're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife . <unk> communities use this poison against predators , and as a consequence , the rabbits are victims of this .
In South Asia , in countries like India and Pakistan , four species of rabbits are on the critical list of extinction , which means that in less than 10 or 15 years , it means that in less than 10 or 15 years , and the reason is because they fall out of the livestock of cattle that have been treated with a drug called <unk> .
This drug has been banned by veterinarian in India and have taken a position .
Because there 's no rabbits , there 's been a spread in the number of the <unk> dogs on landfill in landfill , and when you have dogs on the street , you have an enormous time bomb time for anger , the number of cases of anger has increased enormously in India .
Kenya is going to have one of the largest wind farms in Africa : <unk> <unk> are going to be at the top Lake Turkana .
I 'm not against wind energy , but we have to work with governments , because wind turbines do this to birds -- they cut cut them for half .
They 're <unk> .
In Western Africa , there is a horrible trade of rabbits to serve <unk> and market market .
So what are you doing ? Well , we 're investigating these birds . We are <unk> transmitters .
We 're trying to determine their basic ecology , and see where they go .
We can see that they travel across different countries , so focus on a local problem , it 's not going to do anything .
We have to work with governments on regional levels .
We 're working with the local communities .
We 're talking to them about appreciating the rabbits , about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and the services that they provide .
How can you help ? It can become active , making noise . You can write a letter to your government and tell you , we need to focus on these very <unk> creatures , and they 'll take your time to spread the word .
When you leave this room , you 'll tell you about rabbits , but talk to their families , with their children , with their neighbors about rabbits .
They 're very elegant . Charles Darwin said he changed the opinion , because he saw them flying without effort , without energy spending in the heavens .
Kenya , this world , will be much poorer without these wonderful species .
Thank you very much .
Every thing I do professionally , and everything I do professionally -- my life -- has been molded by seven years of work for my youth in Africa .
From 1971 to 1977 , I 'm not . I worked in Zambia , Kenya , Cote d'Ivoire and Algeria , Cote d'Ivoire and Algeria and Somalia , in technical cooperation projects with African countries .
I worked for an Italian NGO NGO , and every project that we set up in Africa failed .
And he was very disturbed .
I was thinking , at 21 , that the Italians were good people , and we were doing a good job in Africa .
Instead , everything we were playing with .
Our first project , which inspired my first book , `` <unk> from <unk> , '' was a project where we just decided to teach people from Zambia to grow food .
So , we got into Italian seeds south of Zambia into this absolutely magnificent valley that goes down to the <unk> river , and we teach local people growing Italian and <unk> tomatoes .
Of course , people were n't at all interested in doing that , so they would give them to work , and sometimes , they do n't get them . We were amazed that local people , in such fertile valley , they did n't have had agriculture .
However , instead of asking you how it was possible to do nothing , we just said , `` Thank God we are here . '' `` Just time to save the people from Zambia from famine . ''
And of course , everything in Africa is grown beautifully .
We got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy , a tomato would grow up to this size , and in Zambia , to this size .
And we could n't believe it , we were telling the <unk> , `` Look at how easy agriculture is . ''
When the tomatoes were nice , mature and red , at night in the morning , about 200 <unk> appeared from the river and ate everything , and we said to the <unk> , `` Oh my God , the <unk> ! ''
And the <unk> said , `` Yes , so we do n't have agriculture here . '' `` Why did n't they ? '' `` You never asked . ''
I thought we were only made to make mistakes in Africa , but then I saw what the American Americans did , what they did the French , what they did the French , and then see what they were doing , I was pretty proud of our project in Zambia .
Because , as you can see , at least we feed the <unk> .
We 'll see the waste -- let 's see the waste that we 're going to tell you about <unk> people in Africa .
He wants to read a book , and I read <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> .
The book was published in 2009 .
We , Western donors , we 've brought to the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years .
I 'm not telling you about harm that money has caused .
Just read your book .
It 's part of an African woman , the damage that we 've done .
Westerners , we are imperialists , Mormon Mormon , and we treat people only two ways : or we sponsor them , or we are <unk> .
The two words come from the Latin root `` <unk> , '' which means `` father . ''
However , they mean two different things .
<unk> , I deal with any of a different culture as if you were my kids , `` I want you a lot . ''
<unk> , I deal with all of a different culture as if there were my servants .
So white people in Africa are called `` <unk> , '' chief .
That book gave me a slap in the face . `` The small is beautiful , '' written by <unk> , who said for about everything economic development , if people do n't want to be helped , <unk> alone .
This should be the first principle of aid .
The first principle of aid is to respect .
This morning , the gentleman who opened this conference , put a cane on the floor , and he said , `` Can you -- you can imagine a city that is not <unk> ? ''
I decided at 27 years just answer people , and invented a system called <unk> <unk> , where you never start anything , but you become a servant of local passion , the servant of local people who have a dream to become a better person .
So , what you do ? It 's <unk> .
It never gets to a community with an idea , and you sit with the people in the town .
We do n't work from offices .
We got together in a cafe . We met in a bar .
We have zero infrastructure .
And what do we do ? We become friends , and we found out what the person wants to do .
The most important thing is passion .
You can give you an idea to someone .
If that person does n't want to do that , what 's going to do you ?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing .
The passion that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing .
And then we helped them find knowledge , because nobody in the world can be successful alone .
The person with the idea may not have knowledge , but knowledge is available .
So years and years , I had this idea : Why not us , for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do , why not , for once , we listen to them , but not in community meetings .
Let me tell you a secret .
There 's a problem with community meetings .
The entrepreneurs never attending , and they will never tell you , in a public meeting , what they want to do with their own money , which opportunity have identified .
So planning has this blind spot .
The smartest people in their community , you do n't even know them , because they do n't take their public meetings .
What do we do ? We work with one , and we work on face to face , you have to create a social infrastructure , which does n't exist .
You have to create a new profession .
The profession is the family 's medical doctor , the family family doctor , who sets up with you at home , at the table of your kitchen , in coffee , and that helps you find the resources to transform their passion in a way of making a living .
I started this as a test in <unk> , city of Western Australia .
I was doing a Ph.D. in that time , trying to get away from this condescending bin , where we got to tell you what to do .
In a year , I had 27 projects going on , and the government came to me to see , `` How can you do that ?
How can you do it ? '' And I said , `` I did something very , very , very hard .
I shut up and I heard it . '' So , the government says , `` Do it again . '' We 've done it in 300 communities in the world .
We 've helped to start 40,000 businesses .
There 's a new generation of entrepreneurs who are dying of loneliness .
Peter <unk> , one of the greatest business advisers in history , passed away from '96 , a few years ago .
Peter <unk> was a professor of philosophy before getting involved in business , and this is what Peter <unk> says : `` planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company of innovative company . ''
The planning is the kiss of the business of the corporate spirit .
So now I 'm going to be trying to reconstructing them without knowing what the most <unk> people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy .
You have to learn to get these people to come into a conversation with you .
You have to offer them for you , privacy , it has to be fantastic to help you , and then you 're going to make it , they will come in mass .
In a community of 10,000 people , we get 200 clients .
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people , intelligence and passion ?
Which one you 've got to do this morning ?
Local people , passionate people . That 's what you have <unk> .
So , what I 'm telling you is that the spirit of entrepreneurship is where it is .
We 're at the end of the first industrial revolution <unk> fossils , manufacturing -- and one moment to another , we have systems that are not sustainable .
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable .
<unk> as a way to sustain machinery is not sustainable .
What we have to consider is how we <unk> , heal , educating them , transportation , communicate to seven billion people , in a sustainable way .
There is no technologies to do that .
Who 's going to invent technology for the green revolution ? Do universities ? Forget it !
The government ? Forget it !
They 'll be entrepreneurs and they 're doing it now .
There 's an adorable story that I read in a futuristic magazine many , many years ago .
There were a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year 1860 .
And in the year 1860 , he gathered this group of people , and they came up with this group of people , and then the conclusion was <unk> : New York City would n't exist within 100 years .
Why ? Because they looked at the curve and they talked , if the population is kept growing at this rate , to move the population of New York around , they took six million horses , and the manure was produced by six million horses that would be impossible to address .
They were already <unk> in manure . So in 1860 , they were <unk> this dirty technology that 's going on in New York City .
So what happens ? In the next 40 years , in 1900 , in the United States -- <unk> <unk> companies , <unk> .
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few , <unk> , factories in <unk> places .
Dearborn , Michigan . Henry Ford .
However , there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs .
First , you have to offer it for you .
Otherwise , they 're not going to talk to you with you .
Then , you have to give them an absolute , dedicated , supportive service .
And then later , you 're going to have to tell you the truth about it to start .
The smallest company , the largest company , has to be able to do three great things : the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic , you have to tell a fantastic marketing , and you have to tell with a great financial management .
You know what ?
We 've never met a single human being in the world that can do , sell and look for money .
It does n't exist .
This is still not born .
We 've looked at , and I looked at the 100 iconic companies of Carnegie world , Westinghouse , Edison , Ford , all the new companies , Google , Yahoo .
There 's only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common , only one : None of them was started by one person .
Never the word `` me '' but the word `` us , '' 32 times .
He was n't only when he started .
Nobody starts a company alone . No one .
So we can create the community where we have facilitators , who come from a <unk> environment sitting in bars , along with their dedicated comrades who are going to make for you , what somebody did for this gentleman who talks about this epic , someone who asked you , what needs ?
What can you do ? You can do it ?
Well , can you sell it ? Can you get the money ? ''
`` Oh no , I ca n't do that . '' `` I want you to look for somebody ? ''
We activate communities .
Thank you .
Those around us can help us in many ways to improve our lives .
We do n't know all the neighbors , so we do n't change a lot of knowledge in spite of sharing the same public spaces .
Over the last few years I 've tried to share more with my neighbors in the public space , with simple tools like <unk> , and templates , chalk .
These projects came from questions like , how much they paid my neighbors for their apartments ?
How can we pay and borrow more things without calling the door at a bad moment ?
How do you share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape better ?
How do we share more our hopes for empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams ?
I live in New Orleans and I 'm in love from New Orleans .
My soul always finds relief with the giant <unk> , which is shading to lovers and <unk> and <unk> for centuries and I trust a city .
There 's always supporting music . There 's a parade in New Orleans . The city has one of the most beautiful architectures in the world , but also one of the most beautiful American properties of the United States .
I live near this house and thought about how it could convert it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood and also something that changed my life forever .
In 2009 , I lost someone who loved it a lot .
It was Joan , as a mother for me .
His death was sudden and unexpected .
I thought a lot about death .
And this produced a deep gratitude for the time lived and lived .
He gave it clarity to the meaningful things of my life today .
But let 's keep this looking at my everyday life .
It seems to me that it 's easy to be able to catch up the day and forget the really important one .
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this abandoned house on a giant blackboard , and he painted on it phrases on it , `` Before I die I want ... ''
So , lo and could take a chalk , reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space .
I did n't know what to wait for this experiment , but the next day the wall was filled with , and I was still filled with it .
And I 'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall .
`` Before I die I want to be trial for piracy , '' `` Before I die , I want to sit down on the line of date change . ''
`` Before I die , I want to sing for millions of people . ''
`` Before I die , I want to plant a tree . ''
`` Before I die , I want to live outside the Web . ''
`` Before I die , I want to get more again . ''
`` Before I die , I want to go to someone 's rescue . ''
`` Before I die , I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space was become constructive and the dreams and the hopes of people made me laugh , I got bored , and they gave me comfort in hard times .
It 's about knowing that you 're not alone . It 's about understanding our neighbors in new ways and <unk> . It 's about supporting reflection and contemplation , and to remember what 's most important for us as we grow up and change .
This happened last year , and I started receiving hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community .
So with my colleagues at the civic center , we made a kit , and now they 've made walls in countries around the world , like Kazakhstan , South Africa , Australia , Argentina and beyond .
And together we showed the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express each other .
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people .
In our age of distractions , it 's more important than ever , find ways to conserve the perspective and remember that life is very short and delicate .
The death is something we often avoid talking about , or even thinking , but I understood that to prepare for death is one of those things that we would make more power .
You think about the death of our life .
Our shared spaces can reflect what matters to us as individuals and as community and more media to share hopes and fears and stories , the people around us are not only able to help improve places , can help improve our lives .
Thank you .
Thank you .
Today , I have a single request .
Please do n't tell me that I 'm normal .
Now I 'd like to introduce you to my siblings .
It 's 22 years old , it 's high and very good-looking .
He does n't speak , but it 's going to take a lot better than some of the best speakers .
You know what love is .
That has unconditionally happen to happen .
It 's not <unk> . You do n't look at the color of the skin .
It does n't care about religious differences , and you think about this : never lied .
When I sing songs from our childhood , trying to say words that I could n't even remind myself , it reminds me of one thing : how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it should be the unknown .
Samuel 's 16 . It 's very good-looking .
It has the most pristine memory .
However , it 's a selective memory .
It does n't remember if I stole my <unk> , but it does remember the year that each of the songs of my iPod came from , conversations that we kept when I was four years old , I pee in my arm during the first episode of the <unk> and the Lady Gaga birthday .
Do n't you seem amazing ?
But most people disagree .
And in fact , because their minds do n't fit the concept of normality , they are often ignored and <unk> .
But what it propelled my heart was that even if that was the case , although you did n't consider them inside the ordinary , that only could mean one thing : they were extraordinary -- autistic and extraordinary .
Now , for those less familiar with the term `` autism , '' it 's a complex brain disorder that affects social media , learning and sometimes the physical skills .
In each individual this individual plays completely differently , from there that will be so different from Sam .
And around the world , every 20 minutes , you 're diagnosed with a new case of autism , and even though it 's one of the developing disorders that are faster in the world , there 's no cause and cure no known .
I do n't remember my first encounter with autism , but I do n't remember one day without him .
I was just three years old when my brother came to the world , and I was very excited to have a new self to be in my life .
When I had a few months , I realized that he was different .
<unk> a lot .
I did n't want to play like the other babies and , in fact , it did n't seem very interested in me at all .
He was living , and it was in their own rules , with their own rules , and I found pleasure in the smallest things , like putting cars around the room around the room , stare at the machine and eat anything that was in between .
As I grew up , it became more different , and the differences were made more apparent .
But beyond the <unk> , the frustration and the endless hyperactivity , there was something really unique : a pure , innocent nature , a kid who looked at the world without prejudice , a human being I never lied .
Extraordinary .
I ca n't deny that there have been some difficult moments in my family , and I wish they were just like me .
But I look back at the things that have taught me about individuality , communication and love , and I realize that they 're things that would n't want to change for the normal .
normality goes through the beauty that give us differences and the fact of being different does n't mean that some of you are wrong .
It just means that there 's a different view of what 's right .
If I could reach one thing to me , and Sam and you would have to be normal .
They can be extraordinary .
Because autistic or not , the differences we have -- they 're a gift ! Each of us has a gift inside , and honestly , the pursuit of normality is the last sacrifice of potential .
The opportunity to greatness , progress and change is dying in the moment we try to be like the others .
Please do n't tell me that I 'm normal .
Thank you .
Five years ago , I experienced a little bit about what should have been Alice in the Wonders of Canada .
Penn State asked me , a communications teacher to give me a communications class to graduate students .
He was scared . It was really afraid of these students with their great minds , their big books and their big books and strangers .
But when you develop those conversations , I felt what Alicia should have felt when he fell down the rabbit hole and saw the door of a new world .
Just so I felt when I had those conversations with the students , and I was surprised the ideas that they had , and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world .
And I think the key to opening that door is a big communication .
We need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world .
Our scientists and engineers are those who are attacking our biggest challenges , from energy to environment and health care , among others , and if we do n't know about this , the work is not done , and I think it 's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions .
But these big conversations can not happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world .
So scientists and engineers , please , <unk> them .
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that we can see that your science is sexy and that its engineering is attractive .
First question to <unk> : and then what ?
And so why science is relevant to us .
They do n't simply tell us that they study the <unk> , but they study the <unk> , which are the mesh structure of our bones because it 's important to understand and treat osteoporosis .
And when they 're describing their science , care about jargon .
The lingo is an obstacle to our understanding of their ideas .
Sure , you can say spatial and time , but why not say , space and time , '' which is much more accessible to us ?
<unk> accessible is not the same as making them silly .
Instead , as Einstein said , that everything is as simple as possible , but not simple .
They can clearly communicate their science without engaging with ideas .
One thing to consider is to use examples , stories and analogies , they 're a little ways to turn and hold them with their content .
And by presenting his job , forget the signs of the bullet .
You 've been wondering why `` bullets are '' ? What 's the bullets do ? Your bullets kill , and they 're going to kill their presentation .
A <unk> like this is not only boring , but it 's being fought too much in the language of the language of our brain and they are sensitive .
Instead , this <unk> example of <unk> Brown is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of the <unk> is so strong that really inspired the only design of the Eiffel Tower .
The trick here is to use a simple , legible phrase , that the public can understand if you lose a little bit , and then we 'll give the graphs that we will bring to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what it 's described .
I think these are just some key to help that others open the door and look at the country of wonders that is science and engineering .
And so scientists and engineers , when you 've solved this equation , by all the media , you 'll have <unk> . Thank you .
One of my favorite words from all the Oxford English Dictionary is `` <unk> . ''
Because it sounds very good .
And `` <unk> '' means `` political rogue . ''
Even though there was a journalism editor at the 19th century that defined it much better when he said , `` A <unk> '' is that he searches for a public office no matter party , platform or principle , and that , when he wins , it gets the grouper of a monumental <unk> monumental . ''
I have no idea what it means `` <unk> . ''
Something to do with words , I guess .
It 's very important that words are the basis in politics , and that all politicians know that they have to try to dominate the language .
It was n't until , for example , that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote newspapers , quote the exact word they were told in the parliamentary camera .
And all of this was thanks to the courage of a guy with the odd name of <unk> <unk> , who confronted with Parliament .
They put him in the Tower of London , and he was incarcerated , but he had the courage to face them , and eventually he had such popular support in London that he won .
And only a few years later , we had the first use of the phrase `` <unk> '' as well as <unk> .
Most people think it 's literal .
It 's not because of a freedom of speech .
But to really show you how words and politics interact , I want you to return to the U.S. , right after independence .
So they had to address the question of how to call George Washington , their leader .
They did n't know .
How do you call a Republican of a Republican ?
This was debated in Congress for a long time .
And there were all kinds of suggestions that you could have <unk> .
Some people wanted to call it `` State of State Washington , '' and others , `` Her <unk> George Washington , '' and some other `` <unk> from the U.S. People in the United States . ''
Not very appealing .
Some of them just wanted to call it `` King . ''
They thought it was proven quality .
And not even with it were <unk> , they had the idea that you could be elected King by a given deadline .
And I could have served it .
Everybody got immensely immensely important , because this debate went around for three weeks .
I read the newspaper of a poor Senator Senator , and I always wrote , `` Still with this issue still . ''
What caused the delay and <unk> was that the House was in the Senate .
The House of Representatives did n't want Washington to be able to make it .
They did n't want to call it `` King '' as well as he gave him to him or his successor .
So they wanted to give the most modest title , more humble and more unfortunate title that they came up with .
And that title was `` President . ''
President . They did n't invent the title . It was already before , but it only meant `` somebody who would take a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury .
And I did n't have much more <unk> than the term `` foreman , '' or <unk> .
There was <unk> presidents of little colonial <unk> and government fractions , but it was really a insignificant title .
And that 's why the Senate got together .
They said , `` It 's ridiculous , we ca n't call the president . ''
`` This guy has to sign treaties and meet <unk> . ''
`` And who will take you seriously ridiculous and insignificant as President of America ? ''
And finally , after three weeks of debate , the Senate did n't gave .
We can learn three interesting things from all this .
First of all , and this is my favorite , until I 've been able to figure out , the Senate has never been done by the president 's title .
President Barack Obama is lucky to keep there , waiting for the Senate between action .
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporal -- it 's possible that we 're going to keep waiting for <unk> years .
But the third thing we can learn , and this is the most important thing , and I want to leave you , is that the president of the United States does n't sound so modest today , right ?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear warheads at available , the largest economy in the world and a fleet of unmanned air vehicles and so on .
Reality and history have laced the title of <unk> .
So I won the Senate .
They got their title of <unk> .
And also the other concern about the Senate , the appearance of uniqueness -- well , it was a uniqueness of then .
But , you know how many nations have now president ?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear warheads , etc .
So , at the end of the Senate , the Senate won and the House of Representatives lost , because nobody 's going to feel humble when you tell them that they 're the President of the United States .
And I think that 's the great lesson that we can learn , and I 'd like to leave you with that .
The politicians try to choose and use the words to shape and control reality , but actually , reality changes a lot more the words that these might change reality .
Thank you very much .
I 'm 45 to the ground in an illegal mine in Ghana .
The air is loaded from heat and dust and it 's hard to breathe .
I feel the touch of <unk> bodies in the dark , but I ca n't see much more .
I hear voices that speak , but above all , that cacophony of male <unk> and stones games with primitive tools .
As others , I 'm wearing a cheap lantern of light attached to the head with this <unk> elastic , and I can barely tell the <unk> branches that hold the walls of that hole in a meter that drops hundreds of feet on the ground .
And my hand , I suddenly remember a miner that I met a few days earlier , who lost control and fell 200 meters into that well .
While I talk to you today , these men are deep into that hole in the risk of that pit without pay or reward , and often dying .
I went out of that hole and went home , but they probably never do , because they 're prey to slavery .
In the last 28 years I was documenting native cultures in more than 70 countries in six continents , and in 2009 , I had the great honor of being the only <unk> at the G20 's Peace Summit .
Among all the amazing people I met there , I met an NGO of <unk> the <unk> , an NGO who 's done to eradicate modern slavery .
We started talking about slavery and , really , I started learning about slavery because I knew it exists in the world , but not to such a degree .
When we finished talking really wrong , I was honestly ashamed of ignoring this atrocity of our days and thought , `` If I do n't know , how many people do n't know ? ''
He made me a stomach knot , and weeks later , I flew to Los Angeles to meet the director of the <unk> and offer my help .
That 's how my journey started to modern slavery .
Interestingly , I had been in many of these sites .
Some of them even considered them my second home .
But this time , I played the dirty dirty laundry .
A conservative calculation says that there are more than 27 million people <unk> in the world .
It 's twice the number of displaced Africans during all of the <unk> of slaves .
150 years ago , the cost of a farmer farmer was about three times the annual salary of an American salary .
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars today .
However , today you can enslave entire families for generations by $ 18 dollars .
Remarkably , slavery generates profits over $ 13 billion dollars a year worldwide .
Many have been <unk> with the promises of good education and better work to then discover that they 're forced to work without pay , under threat of violence , and they ca n't escape .
Today slavery operates in trade : the goods produced by slaves , but the ones that produce them are disposable .
<unk> exists in almost everybody , and yet it 's illegal throughout the world .
In India and Nepal , I met <unk> bricks .
This strange and formidable show was like entering ancient Egypt or Dante 's hell .
<unk> at a <unk> temperature , men , women , children , in fact , whole families , wrapped up in a <unk> region of installing bricks in their heads , until 18 at the time , and they take them from hot furnaces to trucks that are hundreds of feet .
<unk> by drudgery and tiredness , doing this task over and over 16 hours a day .
There was no breaks to eat , not to drink , and the severe <unk> , it made it to even pee out quite a lot .
So <unk> were heat and dust that my camera went too hot to touch and stopped working .
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean up the team and make it work with air-conditioning for <unk> and , sitting there , I thought , `` My camera gets a treatment much better than these people . ''
Back in the furnaces I wanted to cry , but the <unk> that I was at my side quickly grabbed me and said , `` Lisa , do n't do it . Do n't do it here . ''
And it explained to me very clearly that demonstrating emotions is very dangerous in places like this , not only for me , but for them .
I could n't offer them direct help .
I could n't give you money , nothing .
I was not a citizen from that country .
I could put them in a worse situation that they were already .
I had to rely on <unk> the <unk> and work inside the system for his release and he trusted the way it did .
In terms of me , I waited to get home to feel my ravaged heart .
In the Himalayas , I found children dragging <unk> stones during miles on mountain grounds to trucks they were waiting for .
Those big rage were heavier than the kids that load them and the kids holding their heads with homemade straps made of sticks , ropes and rags .
It 's hard to witness something so overwhelming .
How can we influence something so insidious and so ubiquitous ?
Some of them do n't even know they 're slaves -- and they work 16 hours a day without worrying , because this has been this whole life .
They have nothing to compare .
When these villagers <unk> their freedom , the <unk> burned completely their homes .
When you hear the word slavery , we often think about sexual trafficking , and because of this global consciousness , they warned me that it would be difficult for me to work with security in this particular business .
In Kathmandu , women who had been previously pregnant in sex .
It led me to a few ladders stairs that gave this dirty little basement , and it broke light light .
It was n't exactly a brothel .
It was rather a restaurant .
<unk> , as you know in the craft , are local for forced prostitution .
They have small rooms , private rooms , where slaves are taking their girls and children , some of them just seven years -- they 're forced to entertain the clients and they 're afraid to buy more food and alcohol .
Each of them is dark and dirty , identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a curtain , and a curtain .
The workers often suffer sexual abuse of their clients .
On the twilight , I remember making sense of <unk> fear , and at that moment , I could barely imagine what you should be stuck in that hell .
He only had one way out , the stairs where I came in .
There were no hind doors .
There were no windows big enough to climb up .
Those people do n't have <unk> and , because we touch a very difficult topic , it 's important to point out that slavery , even sexual trafficking , is happening around us .
There are hundreds of people <unk> in agriculture , in restaurants , in the domestic service , and the list can continue .
Recently , the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children sell every year as sexual slaves .
It 's everywhere , but we do n't see it .
The textiles is another activity that often relate to the labor labor .
I went to Indian villages where there were whole families <unk> in the trade of silk .
This is a family portrait .
The black hands of black are the father , the <unk> of blue and the <unk> of the blue .
<unk> <unk> in these big barrels and <unk> silk in the liquid until <unk> , but that 's toxic .
My performer told me his stories .
`` We do n't have freedom , '' they said .
`` We still wait , however , power out of this house one day and go to another place where you really pay for our job . ''
It 's estimated that there are over 4,000 kids who are enslaved in Lake Volta , the largest <unk> lake in the world .
When we came out , I went to take a quick look .
I saw what seemed to be a <unk> family on a ship , two older brothers , some younger kids , makes sense not ?
Wrong . They were all slaves .
Kids are separated from their trafficked families , missing and forced to work heavily on these boats in the lake , even though they do n't know swimming .
This kid is eight years old .
When our boat came up to me , I was shivering ; that his little canoe was <unk> .
He was paralyzed by the fear of falling into the water .
Now , the branches of trees plunged into Lake Volta , often trap networks and children , <unk> and fear , are thrown into water to release the branches .
Many of them are drowned .
Since remember , it 's always been forced to work in the lake .
In fear of his love it 's not going to run away , and as all life has been treated with cruelty , it <unk> all the way to young slaves under their command .
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning , when they were out of the last networks , but they had been working from one .
At the cold and windy night .
And it 's going to point out that these networks weigh more than 400 pounds , when they 're packed with fish .
I want to introduce you to Kofi .
Kofi was rescued in a <unk> village .
I met him in a hut where I was going to <unk> the <unk> victims of slavery .
Kofi symbolizes as possible .
Who will be because someone decided to make a difference in their life ?
<unk> on a road in Ghana with <unk> partners , ' a fellow <unk> with his tags suddenly sped up and <unk> our car and touched the window .
He asked us to get it through a road path to the jungle .
At the end of the way , we were going to get out of the car , and he asked the driver to come up quickly .
Then he pointed out this path barely visible and said , `` This is the path , this is the path . Come on . ''
As we started to go down , we removed the <unk> and after walking close to a hour , we found that the path was <unk> by the recent rains , so I put my pictures of photos on my head as they float in these waters to the chest .
After two hours of walk , the <unk> path ended up in a clear , and we had a mass of holes that I could fit in a football field , and they were all full of <unk> workers .
Many women had kids tied to their backs , and as they were looking for gold , they walked into the waters that they were looking forward .
The mercury is used in the process of extraction .
These miners are enslaved in a well in a well part of Ghana .
When they came out of the pump , they were actually keeping their own sweat .
I remember looking at his eyes tired , <unk> , because many had been underground for 72 hours .
<unk> are up to 90 feet , and these people have heavy stone bags that then will be shipped to another area where we put the stone in order to get the gold .
First view , the site seems to be full of strong , <unk> men , but , if we look closer at the margin , we see other less lucky men and also children .
They 're all victims of injury , diseases and violence .
In fact , it 's likely that this bully will end up like this victim of tuberculosis , and from mercury poisoning in a few years .
This is <unk> . When his father died his father , he took him to work with him in the mines .
When you die of his uncle , <unk> inherit the debt of the uncle that force you to become a slave in mines .
When I met him , I had worked in the mines , 14 years old , and the leg injury that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine , so severe that doctors would say it should be a flip .
In addition to that , <unk> has T.B. , and yet , he 's forced to work at night and day in that mine .
Yet , he 's going to be liberated and educated with local activists , like <unk> the <unk> , ' and it 's this kind of determination , the face of a remote possibility , which inspires me a lot .
I want to throw light on the slavery .
They knew that your images would be seen by you around the world .
I wanted you to know that we 'll be testimony of them , and that we 're going to make everything possible to help change their lives .
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings , then it 's very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery .
These images are not from magazines . They are people , real people , like you and like me , who deserve the same rights , dignity and respect in their lives .
There 's no day that I think I do n't think about these so many beautiful people , battered , that I 've had the great honor to meet .
Now , I hope these images wake up a force where you see them , in people like you , and I hope that force light up a fire and that fire <unk> light over slavery , because without that light , the beast of slavery can continue to live in the shadows .
Thank you very much .
I do applied math , and there 's a particular problem for whom it does , we are like management consultants .
Nobody knows what the hell we do .
So today , I 'm going to try to explain to you what I do .
Dance is one of the most human activities .
We 're <unk> the ballet and the dancers of <unk> that we 'll see later on .
But the ballet demands an extraordinary training degree , a high level of dexterity and probably certain <unk> , which can well have a genetic component .
Unfortunately , neurological disorders like Parkinson 's disease , but gradually we have this extraordinary skill , as he does with my friend <unk> <unk> , who , at his time , was a virtuous dancing virtuous .
Over the last few years , it 's been made a lot in treatment .
However , there are <unk> millions of people in the world who are sick and have to deal with an incurable <unk> , tremor , and other symptoms of this disease , so we need to have objective tools to detect the disease before it 's too late .
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective way , and ultimately , the only way we 're going to know if there is actually a cure for us to be when we have an objective metric and <unk> .
But it 's frustrating for Parkinson 's , and other disorders of the movement , there are no biological markers . That 's why we do n't get the blood analysis and the best thing we have is a neurological test for 20 minutes .
You have to go to a clinic doing it . It 's very , very expensive , and that means that , outside of clinical trials , they never do . Never do .
And what if patients could do it home ?
That would save a trip to the clinic , and what if the patients could get the test themselves ?
It would n't need to be personal .
By the way , it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic .
So what I want to propose to you as a conventional way to try , you see , in a sense , at least , we 're all virtuous , as my friend salute <unk> .
This is a video of the vibration of the vocal chords .
It shows someone healthy as you speak , and you can imagine as a dancers of a ballet vocal , because we have to coordinate all these vocal organs to produce sounds , and we all have the genes necessary . The <unk> , for example .
And as the ballet , it requires an extraordinary training level .
Let 's think about the time that he takes a child to learn to speak .
From sound , we can track the position of the vocal chords as they vibrate , and as Parkinson 's affects the limbs , it also affects vocal organs .
On the bottom of the bottom , you can see an <unk> shake from the vocal chords .
We see the same symptoms .
shake the shake and weakness and stiffness .
The speech becomes more peaceful and ambition after a while , and this is an example of the symptoms .
How are these <unk> exams based on the voice with specialized clinical clinical trials ? Well , both of these are <unk> .
The neurological test is not non-invasive . They both use existing infrastructure .
You do n't need to design a whole host of hospitals to make them .
And both of these are skillful . Well , but they also have their voice exams , they 're not specialized .
I mean , they can be <unk> .
They do very quickly , they take about 30 seconds as a lot .
It 's very minimal , and we all know what happens .
And when something is so low , it comes to massive scale .
So these are some amazing lists to address .
We can reduce the patient 's difficulties .
You would n't need to go to the clinic for <unk> .
<unk> monitoring we could get targets .
We could do mass recruitment for low cost for clinical trials , and for the first time , we would make doable doable in a general scale .
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomarkers of the disease before it 's too late .
So when we 're going to give the first steps in that sense , we 're launching the Parkinson 's Cancer Initiative .
Together with <unk> and <unk> , we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these goals .
We have local lines for about 750 million people in the world .
Either , with Parkinson 's or Parkinson 's , he can call low price and put recordings for a few cents , and I 'm pleased to announce that we 've reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours .
Thank you . Tom Rielly : So Max , taking all these samples from , say 10,000 people , can you say who 's healthy and who is n't ?
What will you take from these samples ?
Max Little 4 : Yeah , yeah . What 's going on is that during the call , you have to indicate if you have or not disease . TR : Sure .
<unk> : You see , some people can not get it . You might not end up .
But we 're going to get a very large sample of data in different circumstances , and doing it in different circumstances is important , because we 're looking for <unk> factors of confusion , looking for the actual markers of the disease .
TR : Do you have 86 percent accuracy at this point ?
<unk> : much more than that .
Actually , my student <unk> , I have to <unk> , has done a fantastic job , and now it has shown that it works on the mobile phone phone as well , what we 'd read on the project . We have a 99 percent accuracy of accuracy .
TR : Ninety and nine . Well , it 's improvement .
<unk> : Absolutely .
TR : Thank you very much .
<unk> : Thank you , Tom .
Before March , 2011 , he made <unk> <unk> in New York City .
We are <unk> creatures , gray .
We were <unk> in the darkness , with no windows and , usually we avoid the sunlight .
We do the thin thin thin skin , the perfect skin still , we do the impossible , we do the impossible , and we can criticize us in the press all the time , but some of us are really talented artists with a lot of experience and a real taste for images and photography .
On March 11 , 2011 , I saw from my house , just like the rest of the world , the tragic events that were happening in Japan .
And a long time later , an organization where he was voluntary , <unk> <unk> , was in the place working as part of the answer team .
I , along with hundreds of other volunteers we could n't stay sitting at home , so I decided to join the group for three weeks .
On May 13 of May I traveled to <unk> .
It 's a little fishermen village located in <unk> <unk> of almost 50,000 people , one of the first villages affected by the wave .
The level of water has reached over 24 feet high and over three miles away .
As you can imagine , the people was crushed .
We got the rubble of the channels and the ditches .
We took schools . We took out the mud and we leave the ready houses to be <unk> and <unk> .
We took tons and tons of dead fish , smelly , rotten fish in the local factory .
We were <unk> and we loved it .
For weeks , both volunteers like neighbors found similar things .
They found photos and photos and photos and card cards .
Everybody did the same thing .
<unk> and bring them to different places of villages around to <unk> .
It was n't until I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered .
As he was fleeing , and to save their lives , they had to abandon absolutely everything they had .
At the end of my first week , I started to help at a exit center of the village .
I helped it to clean up the communal bathrooms , the huge , huge <unk> .
This place turned out to be also the place in the village where the reproductive center would pick up photos .
And I had the honor of that day , and I had the honor of that day to <unk> up the photos .
This was exciting and inspiring , I had heard the expression of thinking beyond the horizons , but it was n't until I went beyond my horizons that something happened .
When you look at the photos , I found some that had more than a hundred years some still in the lab , I could n't help but think about how we could fix that <unk> and repair that <unk> and knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing .
So that night , I got into Facebook contacted some of them , and the next morning the answer was so overwhelming and positive , that I knew we had to try .
So we started playing pictures .
This was the first of all .
It was n't too distinctive , but where the water had spent the face of the girl , I had to get <unk> , very precisely .
Otherwise , that little girl would n't look like it , and that would be as tragic as having the photograph spoiled .
With the time of time , they got more pictures , and they needed more <unk> , so I got into Facebook and LinkedIn and five days later 80 people from 12 countries volunteered to help .
Within two weeks , I had 150 people <unk> .
In Japan , in July , we become <unk> , a neighboring people , north of <unk> .
Once a week we use our scanner in the <unk> libraries that had set up , where people were going to reclaim their photos .
The time it took in <unk> is a different story , it depended on the <unk> of the photos .
It could be an hour . I could make a few weeks .
It could make months .
This <unk> had to draw practically by hand using the areas whose color and detail was not destroyed .
It took a long time .
The water destroyed all these pictures and saltwater covers , covered in bacteria , even with algae , even with oil , and all of that over time with the time I continue to hang on , so I was able to <unk> it was an important part of the project .
We could n't tinker with the picture unless it was clean , it 's dry , and it would have been <unk> by his owner .
We were lucky enough to cleanliness .
We tell the guide of an admirable neighbor .
It 's very easy to hurt the photos are already damaged .
As <unk> once said , the leader of my group is like making a tattoo .
You ca n't make mistakes .
The woman who brought us these pictures was lucky in relation to the photos .
He had started <unk> herself , but he stopped when he realized it was even more .
I also had replication .
Without them , the images of her husband and his own face would n't have been able to rebuild , we were able to <unk> the images in a single picture , and I 'll tinker with the whole picture .
When I showed his photos , he shared something from your story with us .
A few colleagues in her husband found the photos on a fire station between the rubble quite far from where he used to be his home , but his colleagues recognized it .
The day of the tsunami , her husband was the experimenter to close the barriers to the wave .
He had to go inside the water while the <unk> sound .
Her little kids , not so small now , but their two children were at school , in different schools .
One of them was trapped in the water .
It took a week to find his whole family and know that everybody had survived .
The day I gave him his photos his youngest son , the youngest of the son .
For her , despite all of this , those pictures were the best gift I could do , something that he could come back , something that could remember from the past that had not been beaten up on that day of March , when everything in his life changed or was destroyed .
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined us together , hundreds of them helped us to clean up by <unk> , and the vast majority -- the vast majority -- the vast majority of their owners ' hands .
More than 500 volunteers all over the world helped us to bring us back to 90 families , hundreds of photos and <unk> .
During this time , we really do n't spend more than a thousand dollars in teams and materials , most of them in ink for printers .
We take pictures constantly .
A picture is a memory of someone or something , a relationship , someone loved .
They are <unk> from our memories and stories , the last thing we 'd take , but the first thing we 're going to look for .
This was the project , of restore small pieces of humanity , to bring someone to their connection to the past .
When a picture comes back to someone , a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it .
This project also made a big difference in the life of <unk> .
Some of them connected with something larger , and I 'll give you something , using your talent for something that is not perfect models of perfect skin .
To finish , I 'd like to read this email , and I sent it out of Japan after six months .
As <unk> , I could n't help but think about people and the stories shown in the images .
One particular one , a picture of women of different ages from grandmother to the small little girl , gathering a baby , because a similar picture of my family my grandmother , my mother , me and my newborn daughter , hangs on our wall .
In the whole world , in every few of our basic needs are the same , right ?
Thank you .
Doc <unk> was inspired by awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that cuts through an apple on one millionth of a second .
But now , 50 years later , we can go a million times faster and see the world not a million or a billion frames per second .
I give you a new kind of photograph : <unk> -- a new technique that can create videos in slow light from light into motion .
And with that , we can create cameras that can see after corners , beyond the line of vision , or see the interior of the body without the X-ray , and they challenge the camera .
If I take a laser pointer and turn it on and forth in a <unk> <unk> , it 's a number of <unk> to create a <unk> pack photons , a millimeter wide .
And that <unk> package , that bullet , travel to the speed of light , and again , one million times faster than a common bullet .
If we take that bullet , and this package of photons , and you fire in this bottle , how do those photons spread into this bottle inside this bottle ?
What 's the aspect of light in slow motion ?
Now , all of this -- remember that all of this happens at least in less than a <unk> is the <unk> .
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see the light in motion .
Coca-Cola does n't do this research . It 's a lot of things in this film , and let 's get this information to show what 's going on .
The pulse , our bullet , goes into the bottle with a pack of photons , which starts to <unk> and that , inside , starts <unk> .
Part of the light Run , goes to the table , and we started looking at these ripples .
Many of the photons finally come to the cap and then explode in various directions .
As you can see , there 's an air bubble that bounces inside the inside .
In that time , waves travel over the table , and because of the thoughts of the top , you see it on the bottom of the bottle , after several frames , that the thoughts are concentrated .
Now , if we take a regular and current bullet , and we make it the same distance , and we see it in slow motion to about 10 billion times , how much you think it would take us sitting down to see that movie ?
One day ? A week ? Actually , a year .
It would be a very boring film in a movement .
And what about testing that with dead nature ?
You can see the waves coming from the table , the tomato and the wall of the bottom .
It 's like throwing a stone in a pond .
It 's the way nature paints a picture , and I thought , of course , of a <unk> at once , but of course , our eyes see an integral composition .
But if you look at this tomato , you 'll notice that , as light takes over the tomato , it 's still bright . It does n't be dark .
Why ? Because the tomato is ripe , and the light bounces inside it and it becomes after several <unk> .
In the future , when you 're looking at it , you 're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is grown without having to touch it .
What do we create this camera at MIT ?
As photographers , you know , if we take a photo at the bottom , it comes into very little light .
But we 're going to go a billion times faster than the shortest exhibition , so I just get into some light .
So we sent that one bullet , that <unk> package , millions of times , and we recorded again and again , we took such gigabytes of data and the <unk> <unk> to create those <unk> that I showed you .
We can take all of those raw data , and you 're going to make it interesting .
Superman can fly .
Other heroes can become invisible .
And if a new power of a superhero future would allow him to see after corners ?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door , and you 're going to go into the room , a part is going to reflect on the door , and from there to the camera .
Where we could extract those multiple <unk> of light .
It 's not science fiction . We 've already built it .
On the left , it 's our <unk> .
Behind the wall is a dummy , <unk> light on the door .
After the publication of our article in Nature Communications .
And a small fraction of the photons will go back to the camera , but interestingly , slightly different moments .
And as we have a camera that works like this fast , our <unk> , has unique capacities .
It has very good time resolution , and it can look at the world at the speed of light .
So we know the distances up to the door and also to the hidden objects , but we do n't know what point corresponds to what distance .
So when you project a laser , you can record a picture of gross , which , you see on the screen , really does n't make any sense .
But we 'll take a lot of images like this , tens of images like this , tens of images , and we 're going to try and analyze the multiple <unk> of light , and with that , can we see the hidden object ?
Can we see it in 3D ?
This is our reconstruction .
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab , but in the future , we could create cars that will avoid collisions with what 's around the curve .
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected light .
Or we could build <unk> able to see the interior of the body through <unk> , and the same for <unk> .
But of course , because of the tissue and blood this is pretty hard , so actually this is an order to scientists , so that you start thinking about <unk> as a new modality of visualization to solve the problems of imaging in health imaging .
So as Doc <unk> , he himself became a science in art , an art of photographs <unk> .
And I realized that all of the gigabytes of data that we collected are not just for scientific views , but we can .
We create a new form of computer photography with slow motion and color code .
And look at those waves . Remember , the time between each of those waves is just about <unk> .
But here 's a lot of fun here .
If we look at the waves under the cover , these are coming out of us .
The waves should move towards us .
What happens here ?
It turns out , as we 're recording almost at the speed of light , we have strange effects . Einstein would have loved to see this image .
The order where the events occur in the world sometimes comes up with the camera .
They attach the corresponding warping of space and time , we can correct this distortion .
It 's time . Thank you .
Hi . This is my mobile phone .
A mobile phone can change your life , and it gives you individual freedom .
With a mobile phone , you can have a crime against humanity in Syria .
With a mobile phone , you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt .
With a mobile phone , you can record a song , you can move it into <unk> and become famous .
This is all possible with a mobile phone .
I 'm a <unk> in 1984 and I live in the city of Berlin .
Let 's go back to that town .
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were born in pursuit of change .
This is fall 1989 . Imagine if all of these people gathered that they were looking for a change , they had a mobile phone .
Who is a mobile phone here ?
<unk> .
Raise your mobile phone , <unk> !
<unk> . An Android , a Blackberry , wow .
It 's a lot . Almost everyone today has a mobile phone .
But today I 'm talking about me , from my mobile phone , and how it changed my life .
I 'm going to talk about this .
These are 35 pieces of information .
raw data .
Why is that information there ?
Because in the summer of 2006 , the E.U . Commission .
The <unk> of data .
This directive says that every European phone company , every single Internet provider , has to store a wide range of information from the users .
Who calls who . Who sends an email to who .
Who sends a text to who .
And if we use the mobile phone , where we are .
All this information is stored for at least six months , and to two years , in your phone company or your Internet provider .
And in all of Europe , people stood up and said , `` We do n't want this . ''
They said they did n't want this data bills .
We want the self-determination in the digital age , and we do n't want the phone to the Internet providers , stored all this information about us .
There was lawyers , journalists , the priests , they all said , `` We do n't want this . ''
And here you can see about 10,000 people who came out to the streets of Berlin , and they said , `` Freedom , not fear . ''
And some even said this would be <unk> 2.0 .
The <unk> was the secret Germany in East Germany .
And I also wondered if this works .
Can you store all this information about us ?
Every time you use your mobile phone ?
So I asked my phone , <unk> <unk> , who at that time was the largest telephone company in Germany , which would please give me all the information they had about me .
I asked them once , and I went back and ask them , and I did n't get a real answer . It was all blah , blah .
But then I said , I want to have this information , because you 're <unk> my life .
So I decided to take a demand for a lawsuit because I wanted to have this information .
But <unk> <unk> said no , we wo n't give you this information .
At the end of you <unk> an agreement .
It would be <unk> and they would send me the information that I would ask .
Meanwhile , the German <unk> Court failed the <unk> for the German law of the E.U .
So I got this ugly on brown with a CD inside .
And in the CD , there was this .
Thirty and five thousand <unk> , 30 lines of information .
At first I saw it , and I said , well , it 's a huge archive . Okay .
But after a while I realized that it 's my life .
There 's six months of my life in this file .
I was a bit skeptical : What should I do with that ?
Because you can see where I am , where I step at night , what I 'm doing .
But then I said , I want this information to go out .
I want to make it public public .
Because I want to show people what the retention means .
So , along with <unk> Online and Open Data City , we did this .
This is a visualization of six months of my life .
You can zoom in and move away , go backwards and forwards .
You can see every step I give .
And you can see how I 'm going from <unk> to <unk> , and what often I call the path .
This is all possible with this information .
That 's a bit of fear .
But it 's not just about me .
It 's from all of us .
First , there are things like , I call my wife and she calls me , we talked a couple of times .
Then they call me some friends and they call each other .
And then one calls the other one , and the other , and we ended up with this big communications network .
You can see how people communicate between each other to what time they communicate to each other , which time they sleep .
You can see all this .
You can see the centers , the leaders of the group .
If you have access to this information , you can see what society is doing .
If you have access to this information , you can control your society .
This is a model for countries like China and Iran .
This is a model to study the shape of your society , because you know who talks to who , who gives you an email to who , all of this is possible if you have access to this information .
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe , and for two years .
As I said at the beginning , imagine if all of these people in the streets of Berlin , in the fall of 1989 , they had a mobile phone .
And the <unk> had known who was in this protest in this protest , and if the <unk> had known who leaders were , this never had happened .
The fall of the Berlin Wall may never have happened .
And , as a result , neither is the <unk> .
Because today , state agencies and companies want to store so much information of ourselves as possible in and outside of the web .
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to store them forever .
But self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction .
But you have to fight for the self-determination .
You have to fight for that every day .
When they go back home , tell your friends that privacy is a 21st-century value of the 21st century , and it 's not gone past .
When you go home , tell your representative representative that only companies and government agencies can store some information , they do n't have to do it .
And if you do n't believe me , ask your phone company , what information they store from you .
So in the future , every time you use their mobile phones to remind you that you have to fight for the self-determination in the digital age .
Thank you .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
It 's not enough .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
I call me <unk> <unk> , and I 'm not <unk> , but I know the doctor that brought me to the world .
I 'm going to take my mom six times in six different directions , and I 'll go to the poor of me in the process .
As a result , I 've got cerebral palsy , so they would spend all the time .
Look at it .
It 's exhausting . I 'm like a mixture of <unk> .
And Muhammad Al .
The P. C. Not genetic .
It 's not <unk> nor contract .
No one would have the uterus of my mother 's uterus and not <unk> because my parents were cousins , even though they are .
It 's only about accidents , like the one that happened at birth .
Now , I warn you , I 'm not an inspiration source .
It feels bad for me , because at some point in life , you wish to be disabled .
Go for a walk .
Christmas Christmas , they 're in the mall , drive in looking for a parking lot , and what do you see ?
16 empty places that are empty for the disabled .
And they think , `` God , can I be at least a little disabled ? ''
In addition , I 'm going to tell you , I have 99 problems , and the P. C. is just one of them .
If there was a <unk> of oppression , I would win the gold medal .
I 'm a Palestinian , Muslim , woman , disabled and live in New Jersey .
If you do n't feel better , maybe you should .
I 'm from <unk> <unk> in New Jersey .
I always loved my neighborhood and my illness had the same initials .
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York , I could .
Many people with cerebral palsy do n't walk , but my parents do n't believe in the `` <unk> . ''
My father 's mantra was , `` You can go [ cannon ] to do it ; dancing <unk> . ''
If my three older sisters <unk> , I wiped .
If my three older sisters went to public school , my parents went to the school system , and they would argue that I would also be , and if we did n't pull out all the top note all of my mother 's <unk> .
My father taught me how to walk at the five years putting my wife in their feet and just walking .
Another tactic that I used was to hang out a dollar in front of me so that he would get it .
The <unk> that I carry inside was very strong .
Yeah . The first day in kindergarten I was walking like a boxing champion that has received a lot of taps .
Growing up , there were only six Arabs in my city , and they were all of the family .
Now there are 20 Arabs , and they 're still all of the family . I think nobody realized we were n't Italian .
This was before 9/11 , and that politicians thought appropriate to use `` I hate Muslims '' as a slogan .
The people that I grew up with had no problems with my faith .
However , it seemed to be a lot of fun who died of hunger during the <unk> .
I told them that I had enough fat to live in to live three months without eating , so soon enough at dawn at dusk is very easy .
I danced covered on Broadway .
Yes , on Broadway . It 's crazy . My parents could n't afford the physical therapy , so I 'm sent to the dance school .
I learned to dance with heels , or I can walk with heels .
I 'm from New Jersey , and we want to be <unk> , so if my friends used heels , I also have .
And when my friends were going to pass on the summer holidays in the Jersey coast , I was n't going .
I spent my summers in a war zone , because my parents were afraid that if we do n't go back to Palestine , all summers were drowned on Madonna .
On summer holiday often my father was trying to <unk> , so I was drinking milk on the back , and I 'm going to get dressed up at the Dead Sea , and I remember the water left me in my eyes and thought , `` It works , it works ! ''
But the miracle cure was the yoga .
I should say , it 's very boring , but before you did yoga before I could n't stand up [ <unk> ] .
And now I can stand on your head .
My parents got this idea that I could do anything , that no sleep was impossible , and my dream was to be at General Hospital .
I went to college by using positive discrimination and I got a grant for the <unk> , the State of Arizona , because I was in all the <unk> .
It was like the <unk> of the theater department .
Everyone loved me .
I made all the tasks of the least smart , I took the top note in my classes , and also in his classes .
Every time I did a scene from `` The glass zoo , my <unk> professors . ''
But I never got a paper .
Finally , in my last year , the <unk> decided to make a piece called dance so slow dance on Jackson .
It 's a piece of a girl with cerebral palsy .
I was a girl with cerebral palsy .
So I started screaming at the four winds , `` Eventually I will have a paper !
I have cerebral palsy !
<unk> ! After free !
Thank God almighty , I 'm just free .
I did n't get the paper . They gave him <unk> Brown .
I went to <unk> at the director of the theater department , crying , historically , as if someone had killed my cat , ask why , and she told me why , because she thought I could n't do the risk stunts .
And I said , `` Excuse me , if I ca n't do the stunts , you ca n't do the character . ''
It was a paper that he literally was born and gave an actor without cerebral palsy .
College was imitating my life .
Hollywood has a <unk> history of <unk> actors with no disabled actors .
When I graduated home , I returned home , and my first <unk> tour was kind of extra in a kitchen .
My dream was actually made .
And I knew it would be <unk> from `` roommate '' to a <unk> .
Instead , he stayed there like a vase , and I did n't see myself more than the neck , and it was obvious to me that the deal of deal would not make <unk> , not white , disabled .
You just got to perfect people .
But there were exceptions to the rule .
I grew up watching <unk> Goldberg , <unk> <unk> , Ellen , and all these women had one thing in common : they were comedians .
That 's why I became <unk> .
In my first tour , he took stand-up celebrity from New Jersey in New Jersey , and I will never forget the face of the first comic he took when he fell into the realization that I was going high speed for the New Jersey highway with a driver that had cerebral palsy .
I worked in clubs across the United States , and also in Arabic in the Middle East , no censorship and <unk> .
Some people say I 'm the first <unk> of the Arab world .
I never like to reclaim the first place , but I know you 've never heard that little nasty kid that says women are not fun , and they found us very fun .
In 2003 , my brother 's brother and father , Dean <unk> , and I launched the New York City Festival in New York City now in his <unk> year .
Our goal was to change the negative image of the <unk> in the media , and I will remind you to remind the <unk> of <unk> that <unk> and Arabic is not synonymous .
<unk> Arabs was much easier to fight the challenge of the disability of disability .
My big opportunity came in 2010 .
I was like invited to the news program on the wire cable that has Keith <unk> .
I walked in as if I was to a graduation dance , and I went to a studio and sat me into a wheelchair .
I looked at the principal , and I said , `` Excuse me , can you give me another chair ? ''
She looked at me and said , `` Five , four , three , two ... ''
And we were live !
So I was clinging to the presenter 's desk to not get rolling down the screen during the segment , and when I finished the interview , I was pale .
I had my chance , I had my chance . I knew they would never get me .
But not just Mr. <unk> turned back to me , but he was just like participant <unk> and beat my chair .
Something was funny that I learned in real with Keith <unk> was that people on the Internet are scum .
They say that kids are cruel , but they never become a little girl or a kid .
Suddenly , my disability in the Internet became the object of ridicule .
I saw clips online with comments like , `` Why is <unk> ? ''
`` Is it <unk> ? ''
And my favorite one : `` Poor terrorist <unk> .
What disease does ?
We should really pray for it . ''
An artifact suggested even that I would add my disability to my rsum , writer , a comedian , paralyzed .
Disability is as visual as race .
If someone in a wheelchair ca n't make them <unk> , then you could n't get somebody in a wheelchair .
The disabled are the -- yeah , cheer , man . Come on .
The disabled are the largest minority of the world , and the most <unk> in the world of entertainment .
Doctors said not to walk , but I 'm here in front of you .
However , I had grown up with the media , I do n't think it was .
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in the media and everyday life .
Maybe if there were more positive images , I would have less hatred on the Internet .
Or maybe no .
Maybe we still need a whole society to teach our kids well .
My tortuous journey has led me to very spectacular places .
I got to <unk> by the red carpet <unk> by the heartthrob of the soap soap soap & <unk> <unk> <unk> .
I got to act on a film with Adam <unk> and working with my idol , the amazing Dave Matthews .
<unk> the world run crazy .
I was <unk> in representation of the great state of New Jersey in 2008 .
And I founded `` The <unk> Children , '' a charity , to give the Palestinian refugee kids to be a juvenile who my parents gave me .
It was the only time my father saw me live alive , and I spend this talk to his memory .
Dad .
I call me <unk> <unk> , and if I can , you can also .
I 'd like to tell you a story about a kid in a small village .
I do n't know his name , but I know his story .
He lives in a small village of <unk> .
This people are near <unk> .
<unk> is driving a small village to poverty and the edge of starvation .
Without anything , it goes to the big city , in this case , <unk> , the capital of Somalia .
When you get there , there 's no opportunity , no job , no future perspectives .
He 's just living in a tent in the city outside of <unk> .
After maybe a year , nothing .
One day , a gentleman who offers him to lunch , after dinner , breakfast .
He meets a dynamic group of people , which gives him a break .
He 's getting a little bit of money to get bought new money , money to send home , to her family .
They present to a young man .
They finally got home .
It starts a new life .
It has a life objective .
A beautiful day in <unk> , under a blue sky , bursts a car bomb .
That small village with the dreams of the great city was the suicide bomber , and that dynamic group of people were to <unk> , a terrorist organization connected to al Qaeda .
So how do the story of a child in a small village trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end with him ?
He was waiting .
I was waiting for an opportunity , waiting to start their future , waiting for a future perspective , and this was the first thing that he got .
This was the first thing that he pulled it out of what we call `` the waiting period . ''
And their story is repeated in urban centers around the world .
It 's the story of the slums , young urban young people who were <unk> riots in Johannesburg , <unk> riots in London , looking for something beyond the <unk> period .
For young people , the promise of the city , the great dream of the city is the opportunity , of jobs , but young people do n't participate in the prosperity of their cities .
It 's often the youth that suffers from the highest rates of unemployment .
By 2030 , three of five people living in cities will be under 18 years old .
If we do n't include young people in the growth of our cities , if we were n't opportunities , the story of the waiting period , the door of access to terrorism , to violence , to gangs , to be the history of cities 2.0 .
And in my birth city , <unk> , 70 percent of the young people are unemployed .
70 percent does n't work , not going to school .
They do n't do anything .
I went back to <unk> last month , and I went to visit the <unk> Hospital , the hospital where I was born .
I remember being in front of that <unk> hospital thinking , `` What if I would never have gone ? ''
What if I 'd been forced to be in that same `` <unk> period '' ?
Would it have become terrorist ?
I 'm not really sure the answer .
The reason I was in <unk> that month was actually to house a juvenile leaders at a corporate top .
We were going to go back to about 90 juvenile leaders .
We sat down , and we had a rain of ideas about the solutions that the city faces .
One of the young people in the room was <unk> .
He went to <unk> University , graduated .
There was no job , no opportunity .
I remember when he told me , because I was a graduate university university , unemployed , frustrated , was the perfect white target for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations , to be recruited .
They were looking for people like him .
But this story takes a different path .
In <unk> , the biggest obstacle to reach B is the streets .
<unk> years of civil war have completely destroyed the road , and a motorcycle may be the easiest way to mobilize .
He saw an opportunity and I rose .
He started a motorcycles company .
It started <unk> motorcycles to the local residents who usually could n't get them yet .
I bought 10 bikes , with the help of his family and friends , and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of bikes for the next three years .
Why is this different story ?
What does this story different ?
I think their ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity .
It 's the business spirit , and I think that entrepreneurship can be the most powerful tool in the <unk> period .
Let 's bring young people to be the creators of economic opportunities that are so desperately seeking .
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs .
I want to talk to you about a young man who was attending to one of my meetings , Mohamed <unk> , a <unk> .
I was helping me to train some of the young people at the height of the corporate initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of entrepreneurship .
In fact , it 's the first <unk> that <unk> has seen over 22 years , and until recently , until Mohamed came , if you wanted flowers for your wedding , we were <unk> plastic from the foreigner .
If you had somebody , `` When was the last time you saw fresh flowers ? ''
For those of whom grew up during the civil war , the answer would be , `` Never . ''
So , Mohamed saw an opportunity .
It started a floral designer <unk> company .
I created a farm on the outskirts of <unk> , and began to grow <unk> and <unk> , who said , could survive the hard weather of <unk> .
And he started the delivery of flowers for weddings , creating gardens in the houses , and the city companies , and now it 's working in the creation of the first public park at 22 years .
There is no public parks in <unk> .
He wants to create a space where families , young people , can go together , and as he says , smell the pink roses .
By the way , he does n't cultivate pink because a lot of water .
So the first step is to inspire young people , and in that room , the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact on young people .
They had never thought about starting a business .
They had thought about working for an NGO , working for the government , but their story , their innovation , actually had a strong impact on them .
He forced them to look at his city as a place of opportunity .
And encouraged to believe that they could be entrepreneurs , they could be <unk> of change .
By the end of the day , they had innovative solutions to some of the major challenges facing the city .
We provide business solutions for local problems .
So , to inspire young people and create a <unk> culture , it 's really a big step , but young people need capital to make their ideas .
They need experience and orientation to mentor them in development and put their business forward .
They brought back to young people with the resources that they need to do , and they need support that they need to move from conception to creation , and create <unk> for urban growth .
For me , business spirit is more than start a business .
It 's creating a social impact .
Mohamed is not just selling flowers .
I think it 's selling hope .
Her Peace Park , this is what calls , when it 's created , to transform the way people see their city .
I hired children from the street to help rent and keep the motorbikes for him .
He gave them the opportunity to escape from the <unk> period .
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact on their cities .
So my suggestion is : they become young people in businesspeople , <unk> and feeding their inherent innovation , and they will have more stories about flowers and Parks of the Peace that <unk> and <unk> periods .
Thank you .
I was about 10 years old , and I went camping with my dad in the <unk> mountains , a <unk> area north of New York City .
It was a beautiful day .
The <unk> forest .
The sun was making the leaves <unk> like a <unk> , and it was n't the way that we were still , almost we could n't pretend we were the first human to step on that land .
We got to our camp .
It was a shed in a <unk> , with a beautiful blind lake when I discovered something horrible .
Behind the shed there was a dump , of about four square feet , with <unk> hearts , aluminum balls of aluminum paper .
And I was stunned , I was very angry and incredibly confused .
The <unk> that were too lazy to get what they had brought , who they thought he was going to clean up their garbage ?
That question went on with me , and you 'd get a little bit fun .
Who clean our trash ?
No matter how to organize or where we put the `` ours , '' who clean our garbage in Istanbul ?
Who clean our trash in Rio or Paris or London ?
Here in New York City , the Department of <unk> <unk> our garbage , for 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day .
I wanted to know , as individuals .
I wanted to understand who does that work .
What does it feel like to use the uniform and take that charge ?
So I started a research project with them .
I traveled on the trucks and walked along the road and I interviewed people in the office and I interviewed people in the city , and I learned a lot , but it was still a <unk> .
I needed to go further .
So I started working as <unk> .
Now I 'm not just traveling on the trucks . I were doing them .
And it was operating the mechanical mechanical bar .
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning .
They all ask about smell .
It 's there , but it 's not as prevalent as you believe , and in the days that it 's very strong , you get used to it quickly .
It costs a lot to get used to weight .
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies , and their bodies were tracking the weight of bringing on their tons of garbage every week .
It 's also the danger .
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics , the collection collection is one of the ten most dangerous <unk> in the country , and I learned the reason .
You 're coming out and entering the traffic all day and pass through it .
They just want to be <unk> , so in general the driver is not paying attention .
That 's very bad for the worker .
And also the garbage itself is full of dangers that often fall out of the truck and have terrible damage .
I also learned about the relentless of the garbage .
When you go out of <unk> , you see a city from the back of the truck , you get to understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself .
Never stop coming .
It 's also like a way of breathing or circulation .
It must always be in motion .
And it 's also the stigma .
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic , because I believe that the gatherers of waste are the most important work in the streets of the city , for three reasons .
They 're the first protecting from public health .
If you do n't get rid of the waste in the waste and effective way every day , this starts to <unk> from your container and its dangers inherent in very real ways .
Disease that we had been controlled for decades and centuries , they start back and they start <unk> .
The economy needs it .
If we ca n't get rid of the old people , we do n't have space for what the motors of the economy start to fail when it 's in danger of the consumption .
I 'm not advocating for capitalism , just pointing out your relationship .
And then there 's what I call our average average speed .
I mean , I mean , at the speed of the time that I used to move on contemporary period .
We usually do n't care about it , and we do n't care about it , and we have our coffee cup , our bag of the <unk> , our water bottle .
We use them , we throw them , we throw them , we throw them away from them , because we know that there 's a force force on the other side to take away from it .
So I want to suggest to you today a couple of ways of thinking about the waste collection that might help reduce the stigma and adapt to that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city .
Her job , I think , is almost <unk> .
They 're in the street every day , <unk> .
They use a uniform in many cities .
You know when you 're going to go .
And their job allows us to do our own .
It 's almost a form of relief .
The flow that keeps us except for ourselves , of our own waste , our junk , and that flow is always to stay in one way or another .
One day after September 11 , 2001 , I listened to a little waste truck on the street , grabbed my little son , and I went down the stairs running , and there was a man doing his route of software recycled as I did every Wednesday .
And I tried to thank you for his job that particular day , but I started to cry .
And he looked at me and just nodded and he said , `` We 're going to be fine .
We 're going to be fine . ''
Shortly after that , I started investigating the waste collection , and I went back to see that man .
It 's called <unk> , and we work together a lot of times , and we made good friends .
I want to believe that I was right .
We 're going to be fine .
But in our efforts to rebuild the way we exist on this planet as we exist in this planet as we have to include and have to account every cost , even the very real human cost of labor .
The municipal waste , what we think when we talk about garbage , represent three percent of the entire nation 's worth of waste .
It 's a remarkable statistic .
So in the flow of their days and their lives , the next one you see to someone whose job is to clean up the trash of you , take a moment to recognize them .
Take a moment to tell you thank you .
My work is to focus on the connection of thinking about our community life forming part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from conditions and local traditions .
Today I brought two recent projects today like this .
Both of these projects are located in emerging countries , one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia .
They also share the fact that the different analysis of different perspectives become an essential part of the end of architecture .
The first example started with an invitation to design a shopping mall in Ethiopia 's capital , Addis Ababa .
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example , my team and me , about what we had to design .
At first , the first thing I thought was , `` I want to go running . ''
After seeing some of these buildings , there are many in the city , we realized that there are three important aspects to highlight .
In principle , these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people ca n't afford to buy things .
Second , you need to use a lot of energy because the silver lining generates heat inside , so you need a lot of cooling .
In a city where this should n't happen , because it 's about a temperate weather that goes from 20 to 25 degrees throughout the year .
And thirdly , what you look like is nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia .
It 's a scary place to be so rich in culture and traditions .
In our first visit to Ethiopia , I was actually hooked with the old market that is this free air structure where thousands of people , they go and buy stuff every day to little marketers .
There 's also that idea of using the public space to generate external activity .
So I thought , that 's what I really wanted to design , not a mall .
But the question was how to build a modern building , of several stories , applying these principles .
The next challenge was presented by using the site , which is located in an area of much growth in the city , where much of the buildings that we now see in the image , did n't exist .
And it 's also between two parallel street streets that do n't communicate by a hundred meters .
So the first thing we did was create a connection between these two streets , uniting all the entries in the building .
And this spreads out of an inclined atrium thing that creates a space of free air in the building that will be bent by its own shape , from sun and rain .
And around this space we 've applied the idea of the market with small businesses , that changes on every floor because of the form of space .
I also thought , how to close the building ?
I wanted to find a solution that we would bring to the local climate conditions .
And I started thinking about a similar tissue to a concrete shell with drilling to allow the air to the air , and also the light , but somehow filtered it .
Then we were inspired by these beautiful buttons of dresses in the Ethiopians .
They have the properties of fractal geometry , and this helped me to model the facade .
We 're building that with these little trivial pieces that are just the windows that leave the air and light in a controlled way inside the building .
This will be fitted with these little colored crystals that use light from the interior of the building to illuminate the building at night .
With these ideas , it was n't easy to convince developers because they thought , `` That 's not a mall . It 's not what we ask . ''
But ultimately we realized that this idea of the market was going to be much more profitable than the commercial center , because at the end of the day , there was more local to sell .
And also the idea of the facade was significantly more economic , not only because of the material compared to the glass , but also because it 's no longer necessary to have air conditioning .
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project .
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy energy for the building in a city where electricity is almost every day .
So we got a great advantage by putting <unk> on the roof .
And then under those panels , we think on the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that would create this urban oasis .
And these <unk> on top of the roof , which actually collect water from the inner health .
It 's expected for the next year , because we 're going on the fifth floor of building .
The second example is a master plan for 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia .
And to make a bigger project , the biggest that I designed , needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia , but also to their environment , their tradition and culture .
In that analysis , I started special attention in the <unk> , a thousand years old , who was surrounded by a wall with a dozen access of access for <unk> straight lines .
When I went to the place , the first design operation that we did was expand the existing streets , creating 12 similar blocks very similar to size in size and features in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards .
In addition to that , we select some strategic dots in relation to the idea of the connected doors to straight lines , and this has altered the initial model .
And the last operation was to think about the cell , the little cell in the project , as the apartment , as an essential part of the master plan .
I thought , what would be the best orientation for an apartment at <unk> climate ?
And it 's direct , because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation .
So let 's make a schema that claims that most apartments are perfectly <unk> in that direction .
And this is the result that 's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city .
It has these blocks with courtyards , and then in the low plant , we have all the connections for pedestrians .
And it also responds to local norms that set up greater density at the upper levels and density in the lower surface .
And it also reinforces this idea of doors .
The roof , which is my favorite space of the project , is almost like giving the community the occupied space .
It 's where all the neighbors , they can rise and socialize , and doing activities such as running a two-hour career in the morning , or jump from a building to another .
These two examples have a common approach to the design process .
And also , they 're in emerging countries , where you can see the cities literally growing .
In these cities , the impact of architecture in the lives of people changes communities and local economies at the same rate as the buildings grow .
For this reason , I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple and affordable solutions that improve the relationship between community and environment , and they have as a goal to connect nature with people .
Thank you very much .
When I was eight , a new child joined our class . It was so remarkable , as you see all the new girls .
I had big hair loads of hair and a little <unk> of crayons , cute . It was super strong for capital capitals , very good for <unk> .
And I ended up that year and I was filled with jealousy , until I put my sinister plan .
One day I had a time after the school output . It was a little late and I hid in the girls ' bathroom .
When the coast was <unk> , I went out , I went into the classroom , I took on the table of my teacher , the grades .
And then I did .
I 'd run the grades from my rival , just a little bit like that .
And I set back the book , and I set back the book , but , to see , some of my other fellows had very good grades too .
So , in a frenzy , I 'll take the notes around the world , without any imagination .
I put all of rows of <unk> and myself a row of that , just for being there , because I could ...
I 'm still surprised what I did .
I do n't understand how the idea came .
I do n't understand why I felt well doing it .
I felt important .
I do n't understand why I never got caught .
It 's all very obvious .
I never found me .
But above all , I 'm reminded of the reason why I was bothered by that this little girl , so small , was so good at <unk> .
It was <unk> .
They 're so mysterious and so <unk> .
We know that babies suffer from jealousy .
Also primates . The birds are very likely to do .
We know that jealousy is the number one cause of spouses in the United States .
And yet , I 've never seen a study that will look at loneliness , or the <unk> or sadness .
So , you have to go to fiction , because novels are like the laboratory that you study the jealousy in all possible forms .
In fact , I do n't know if it 's exaggeration to say that if there was no jealousy , <unk> would have no literature .
Well , there would be neither Helen <unk> , and there would be no `` Odyssey . ''
I did n't have king , though , or a few nights . ''
No Shakespeare .
Let 's go down the High school lists of high school lists , because we 'd be losing `` The Noise and <unk> , '' would n't have to have `` Gatsby , '' or `` Party . '' We will lose `` Madame <unk> '' and `` Anna K . ''
Without jealousy , there is no Proust . I know it 's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything , and in terms of jealousy , almost everybody 's got it .
This year is a hundred years of his masterpiece , `` In search of lost time , '' the most comprehensive study of sexual jealousy and also the ordinary study of the sex jealousy , of mine , all we could have , and thinking about Proust , we have the details of them , right ?
We thought in a kid trying to fall asleep to sleep .
We think about an <unk> <unk> in yourself .
We forgot how hard that image is .
We forgot about how relentless it is .
I mean , it 's books that Virginia <unk> said were as hard as a cat cat .
I do n't know what the cat cat is , but we assume it 's <unk> .
Let 's see why they go so well together , the novel and jealousy , jealousy and Proust .
It will be very obvious as the jealousy , which is reduced to the person , to their desire , to their liabilities , are a very solid basis ?
I do n't know . I think it 's close to bone , when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy .
When we feel jealousy , we tell ourselves a story .
A story about the life of other people , and those stories make us feel terrible because they 're designed for that , to make us feel bad .
Being at storytellers and audience , we know exactly what details to include , to nail knife , right ?
<unk> do to us all novelists , and that 's something that Proust understood .
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give pleasure to another , maybe right now . ''
And it starts to say to yourself that story , and since then , Proust says every fresh <unk> that they can find in their lover , he adds it to their collection of Torture instruments in their private camera .
You have to admit that <unk> and Proust , they were notoriously jealous .
You know , anybody 's boyfriends would have to leave the country , if they wanted to break down .
But you do n't have to be so busy to recognize that it 's a hard job . Right ?
<unk> are <unk> .
It 's a hungry excitement . You need to power it .
And how are the jealousy ?
The jealousy will spread out of information .
<unk> use the details .
The jealousy like great <unk> of bright hair and the cute little <unk> of crayons .
The jealousy will get rid of the photos .
That 's why Instagram it is so successful . Proust links nicely with the jealousy of jealousy .
When he <unk> is in his agony of jealousy , suddenly listening to the gates and <unk> the servants of his lover , then defends those behaviors .
He says , `` Look , I know you think this is revolting , but it 's not different to the interpretation of an old text or to look at a memorial . ''
He says , `` They are scientific research in real intellectual value . ''
Proust is trying to prove that the jealousy look at us , and they make us seem like <unk> , but in their core point , they 're search for knowledge , search for truth , a real painful truth . In fact , what you 're talking about , the more painful the truth , the better .
The pain , the humiliation , the loss : These were the pathways to the wisdom of Proust .
He says , `` A woman who we need , that makes us suffer , causes us to be a very deeper range of feelings that a wise man who might be interested in . ''
Are we telling us that we 're going to look for cruel women ?
No . I think it 's trying to say that jealousy reveal ourselves .
And there 's some other excitement that makes us open ourselves up in this particular way ?
Is there any other emotion reveals us our <unk> , our horrible ambition and our rights ?
Any other excitement that teaches us to look at such peculiar intensity ?
Freud would write about it later on .
One day , Freud was visited by a very nervous young man that was being consumed with the idea that her wife <unk> him .
And Freud says that there was something bizarre about that man , who did n't get caught in what his wife did .
Well , she was innocent ; everybody knew it .
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause .
But he was looking for things that made his wife , without realizing , <unk> behaviors .
Do you get too much ?
Freud says the man was becoming the <unk> of the unconscious of his wife .
The novels are very good at this .
And novels really described very well how the jealousy makes us look at intensity but no accuracy .
In fact , the more intensely jealous we are , the more we become residents of fantasy .
And for this reason , I believe , the jealousy , lead us to make violent acts or illegal acts .
<unk> drive us to behave in a completely <unk> ways .
Now I 'm thinking about me for eight years , I recognize it . But I 'm also thinking about this story I heard in the news .
A woman from Michigan years of age was captured by having created a false account on Facebook since they were sending <unk> messages to himself , for a year .
For a year , every year .
She was trying to <unk> her former boyfriend 's new boyfriend . I have to tell you that when or this , I reacted with admiration .
Because , let 's face it .
What huge , though unfortunate , creativity . Right ?
It 's like a novel .
Like a <unk> Patricia novel .
<unk> is one of my favorites .
She 's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature .
It 's the author of `` <unk> in a <unk> '' and `` The <unk> Mr. <unk> , '' the books that are trying to how the jealousy , <unk> our minds , and once we 're in the sphere , in the kingdom of jealousy , the membrane that separates what it might be , it can be momentum in a moment .
Take Tom <unk> , his most famous character .
Tom <unk> goes from <unk> , or want what you 've got to invade your own being , and you 're going to show you what you ever had , and it 's under the floor . <unk> your name , your rings , cow accounts .
It 's a way .
But what do we do ? We ca n't take the route of Tom <unk> .
I ca n't give you <unk> around the world as much as I sometimes want .
It 's a pity , because we live in times of envy .
We live in jealousy times .
I mean , we 're good citizens of social networks , where the currency is envy ? Right ?
The novels show us the exit ? I 'm not sure .
So we 're going to do what the characters always do when they 're not safe , when they 're in front of a mystery .
Let 's go to the <unk> of Baker Street and ask by Sherlock Holmes .
When people think of Holmes , they think about the <unk> curse at Professor Moriarty , that criminal genius .
But I 've always met [ <unk> ] <unk> , the head of the rat of <unk> <unk> that it needs at desperately , it needs genie 's genius , but he bothers him .
Oh , it sounds so familiar .
<unk> needs their help , but <unk> it , and <unk> with bitterness in the fall of the mysteries .
But as they work together , something starts to change , and finally in `` The <unk> of the Six <unk> , '' once she slept in , he <unk> all of his solution , <unk> back to Holmes and says , `` We 're not jealous , Mr. Holmes .
We 're proud of you . ''
And he tells him that there 's no person in Scotland who would n't want to shake my hands .
It 's one of the times that we see Princeton transferred in history . I think this is very emotional . That scene is also mysterious , right ?
It seems to treat jealousy as a geometry of geometry , without emotion .
You know , there 's a minute neglected is from the opposite side of <unk> .
The next minute they 're on the same side .
Suddenly , <unk> allows you admire that idea of being , the <unk> .
Could it still be so simple ?
What if jealousy really is a geometry of geometry , just a question of where we allow ourselves to be in relation to the other ?
Well , maybe we do n't have to <unk> the excellence of the other .
We can do it with it .
But I like plans .
So as we wait for that to happen , let 's remember that we have the fiction for <unk> .
It 's just the fiction <unk> .
<unk> 's fiction used , inviting them to the table .
And look at what puts it from : the sweet <unk> , the scary Tom <unk> , the <unk> <unk> , the very Marcel Proust .
We 're in great company .
Thank you .
We used to solve big problems .
On July 21 , 1969 , Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the Apollo Mountains module and came down on the <unk> Sea .
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone , but their presence in the gray surface was the culmination of a collective collective process .
The Apollo program was the largest mobilization in the U.S. history of America .
To get to the moon , NASA would spend about 180 billion dollars of today , or four percent of the federal budget .
Apollo took a couple of 400,000 people , and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies , universities and government agencies .
People died , including the crew of Apollo 1 .
But before the Apollo program <unk> , 24 men went to the moon .
Twelve walked on his surface , of which Aldrin stayed after Armstrong 's past year , is now the oldest man .
So why were they ?
They did n't brought a lot back : <unk> pounds of old rocks , and something that was 24 <unk> later , a new sense of something and the fragility of our common home .
Why were it ? The cynics answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate to the Soviets , which this nation had better rockets .
But the words of Kennedy at Rice University in 1962 give us a better idea .
John F. Kennedy : Some people ask , why is the moon ?
Why turn it into our target ?
And you could also ask , why is the top mountain , why is the highest mountain ?
Thirty-five years ago , why would you fly over the Atlantic ?
Why is playing Rice against Texas ?
We choose to go to the moon .
We choose to go to the moon .
We choose to go to the moon in this decade , and do other things , not because they 're simple , but because they 're hard .
Jason <unk> : For the contemporaries , the Apollo , was not just a victory of the West on the top of the Cold War .
At the time , the stronger emotion was to wonder of the powers of technology .
They were because it was a great deal .
The landing on the moon was in a context of a long list of technological successes .
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the airplane , penicillin , and the vaccine for tuberculosis .
In the middle of the century , we eradicated polio and eliminated the smallpox .
The technology seemed to own what Alvin <unk> in 1970 called `` <unk> force . ''
For most of the history of humanity , we could n't go faster than a horse , or a ship with sailing , but in 1969 , the Apollo 10 flew at 40,000 miles / hour .
Since 1970 , no human has come back to the moon .
No one has traveled faster than the crew of Apollo 10 , and the joyful optimism about the power of technology has evaporated to the idea that the technology is going to figure out how to go to Mars , create a clean energy , cure cancer , or to feed the world population seem to be intractable .
I remember watching the Apollo 17 .
I was five years old , and my mother told me to do not look at the escape tube <unk> from the rocket Saturn 's rocket .
I knew that this would be the last mission on the last mission , but I was completely sure that I would see the colonies on Mars .
So that 's what it was about to our ability to solve problems with technology , '' has become a common place .
We heard it all the time .
We 've heard that for the last two days here , at TED .
It looks like the technologists had been distracted by trivial toys , things like iPhone , things like iPhone , software and social networks , or algorithms that speed up the automated sales .
There 's nothing wrong with most of these things .
They 've expanded and enriched our lives .
But they do n't address the big problems of humanity .
What happened ?
There is a parochial explanation in Silicon Valley , which <unk> that has created less ambitious companies that those of the years at <unk> <unk> , Microsoft , Apple and <unk> .
Silicon Valley says that markets are the culprit , in particular , the incentives that the venture capitalists offer for entrepreneurs .
Silicon Valley says that the risk investment caused the creation of ideas to be created by funding for incremental problems or even false problems .
But I do n't think this explanation is good enough .
It was mostly dependent on what 's wrong in <unk> Valley .
Even when the venture capitalists were at their peak , not caring for the risk , they preferred small investments , investments if they could go out 10 years .
<unk> . They 've always had a problem to invest with profit in technologies like energy , which need a huge amount of capital , and whose development is the long term , they have n't invested in the development of technologies designed to solve big problems because they do n't have a immediate commercial value .
No , the reasons why we ca n't solve big problems are more complicated and very profound .
Sometimes , we choose to do not solve the big problems .
We could go to Mars if we wanted .
NASA has even designed a plan .
But go to Mars would require a political decision that was popular , and that will never happen .
We wo n't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth .
Sometimes , we ca n't solve big problems because political systems fail .
Today , less than two percent of the energy consumption -- from renewable energy sources like solar and wind , and <unk> . Less than two percent , and the reason is completely economic .
The coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind , and oil is cheaper than <unk> .
We want sources of alternative energy that can compete at price . They do n't exist .
Now , technologists , business and economists agree about what policy and treaties the development of an alternative energy development : mostly a significant increase in research and development and some kind of control of the coal price .
But there is no hope in the political climate of today that we will see an energy policy from the U.S. or treaties an international treaties .
Sometimes the big problems that looked like technological , it turns out not to be .
We know from time that famines are a result of failure in the food route .
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect the distribution of food .
Technology can make things better like crops or systems for storage and eating food , but there will be famines as bad governments existed .
Finally , big problems sometimes make a solution because we do n't understand the problem .
The President Nixon declared the cancer war in 1971 , but we soon discovered that there are many kinds of cancer , some <unk> resistant , and only over the last 10 years seem to have been found to be found effective and viable treatments .
<unk> problems are hard .
It 's not true that we could n't solve problems with technology .
We can , and we have , but these four elements have to be present : political leaders and population must want to solve the problem ; institutions must support the solution ; it should be a technological problem , and we should understand it .
The Apollo mission , which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems , serving with those criteria .
But it 's a <unk> model in the future .
We 're not in 1961 .
There 's no competition , like , in the Cold War , there is no politician like John Kennedy who would get hard and dangerous , and there 's not a popular mythology of science fiction to explore the solar system .
In general , it turned out to be easy .
It was only three days .
And really , I was n't even dealing with any problem .
We are alone in our present , and the solutions of the future will be harder to get .
God knows that we 're not missing the challenges .
Thank you very much .
Well , I 'm going to talk about trust , and I 'm going to start with <unk> ideas that have about trust .
They 're so common that they have become cliches of our society .
I think it 's three .
The first is a claim : there 's been a great decrease of trust , it 's a very widespread belief .
The second is a goal : We should have more confidence .
And the third one is a task : We should restore trust .
I think they claim , the goal , and the task has been played .
What I 'm going to try to talk to you today is a different story about a claim , a goal and a task , which I think gives you a bit more clear about the subject .
First of all , I thought , why do people think that trust has dropped ?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence , I do n't know the answer .
I bow to think that it may be diminished in some activities or institutions , and that might have escalated into others .
I do n't know that .
But I can turn to the opinion polls , and the opinion polls are supposed to be the source of belief that the trust has dropped .
When you look at polls , you know , there 's not many evidence of it .
I mean , the people who are located about 20 years ago , mostly journalists and politicians , still inspired the same mistrust .
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago , still being reliable : judges , nurses .
The rest of us are in the middle , and by the way , the average citizen of the street is almost exactly half a way .
But is this evidence enough ?
What the survey polls are , of course , opinions .
What else can you record ?
What you see is the generic attitudes that people play when they 're asked certain questions .
Trust the politicians ? Trust the teachers ?
Now , if someone asked you , `` Do you look at the <unk> ?
Would you go on the fishermen ?
<unk> in elementary teachers ? ''
You probably thought , `` To do what ? ''
And that would be a very sane answer .
And you could say , when you answered your question , `` Well , I trust some , but in others . ''
What 's really rational .
Ultimately , in real life , we tend to deposit trust in a separate way .
We do n't assume that the level of trust we 're going to feel for a certain kind of official , official or guy , is going to be uniform in every case .
I could , for example , to say I trust a certain elementary teacher that I know to give to the class of reading , but in no way to drive the school <unk> .
After all , I could know that it was n't a good driver .
I could trust my friend more talkative to keep a conversation , but not , maybe , to keep a secret .
Simple .
And if we 've gotten those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is separate , why do we leave all that knowledge when we think about trust in more abstract ways ?
I think polls are very bad tools to measure the true level of real trust , because they try to define good judgment in fact that they actually trust something or someone .
Second , what about the goal ?
The goal is to have more confidence .
Frankly , I think it 's a stupid goal .
It 's not that objective that I would be <unk> .
I would get more confidence in what it is trust , but not what it is not .
Ultimately , I 'm keen to not trust what is not reliable .
And I think those people who were driving their savings with very rightly , named Mr. Madoff , then disappeared with them , I think about them , and I think , well , they were too confident .
Having more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life .
LG : Queen of it , that 's the right target .
Once you say it , it says , yes , it says , yes , it means that what matters in the first place is not trust , but trustworthiness .
What 's about doing a judgment of how reliable people are in certain ways .
And I think so that we can make a judgment , we 're forced to focus on three things .
Are you competent ? Are they honest ? Are they responsible ?
And if we find that one person is competent in the subjects <unk> , and it 's responsible and honest , then we 'll have a very good reason to trust it , because it 's going to be worthy of trust .
But if , on the contrary , they 're not responsible , we could n't trust them .
I have friends who are competent and honest , but I did n't relied on them to bring one letter to the email , because they 're <unk> .
I have friends who are very confident that they can do certain things , but I see that they will hold their own competence .
And I 'm so happy to say that I think I do n't have a lot of friends who are competent and responsible , but extremely <unk> .
If this is , I still did n't realize it .
But that 's what we 're looking for : trustworthiness before trust .
The trust is the answer .
The trustworthiness is what we need to judge .
And of course , it 's hard .
Over the last few decades , we 've tried to build systems of accountability for all kinds of institutions , professionals , officials , and so on , they make us easier to judge their reliability .
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect .
They do n't work as they should .
I remember once I was talking to a <unk> , and he said , `` Well , you see , the problem is that it takes more time to do the administrative paperwork that 's going to go for . ''
And we found the same problem in all of our public life , and institutional life , that the <unk> system that 's destined to guarantee trustworthiness and evidence of trustworthiness , is actually doing the opposite .
What they 're doing is hard the work of people who have to do hard tasks , like the midwives , let them use the boxes , as we say .
You know , you know , you know , you know .
All of that , for the goal .
I believe that the goal should be more reliability , and that things would be different if we were trying to be worthy of trust and empowering people who are reliable and if we were to determine whether other people , officials or politicians are worthy of trust .
It 's not easy . It 's judgment , simple actions , attitudes , what 's not done properly .
Third , the task .
It 's <unk> to the task to rebuild the confidence , puts things upside down .
It suggests that you and I should rebuild the trust .
Well , we can do it with ourselves .
We can rebuild a bit of trustworthiness .
We can do it if they 're two people , together , trying to improve trust .
But trust , ultimately , it 's distinctive because it gives us other people .
You ca n't rebuild what other people have given you .
You have to give them the foundations enough so they can trust you .
You have to be worthy of trust .
And that , of course , is because you ca n't trick , usually , all the people , all the time .
But you also have to make sure evidence that you 're worthy of trust .
How do you do that ?
That 's done every day , everywhere , the common people , the officials , the institutions , very effectively .
Let me give you a simple commercial example .
The store where my socks buy my socks , he says I can leave them without giving me explanations .
I take them , and I get the money back , or change it for the color of the color I want .
That 's great . I rely on them because they become vulnerable to me .
I think there 's a great lesson on that .
If you get vulnerable to the other part , that 's a very good test that you 're worthy of trust , and you have confidence in what you 're saying .
So at the end , I think that what we 're aiming at is not something very hard to figure out .
What people trust is in relationships , and in that framework , they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust .
Thank you .
So from the beginning of computers , we 've been working tirelessly to reduce the separation between us and the digital information , separation between our material world and the world of the screen in which imagination can be <unk> .
This separation has been shrinking , more and more , to such a point that today is less than one millimeter , the thickness of a screen screen , and the power of the computer has become accessible to everyone .
But I wonder , if there was no barriers ?
I started imagining what it would be like .
First , I created this tool that gets deeper into the digital space , so that when the strong <unk> against the screen transfers your physical body to the pixels .
Designers can combine their ideas directly in 3D , and surgeons can practice with virtual organs below the screen .
So , with this tool , you break the barriers .
But the two hands stay still outside the screen .
How can you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of your hands ?
In the Science Science division of Microsoft , along with my mentor <unk> <unk> , <unk> the computer and transformed a small space on the keyboard in a digital area .
And so I combined a very transparent bombsight to detect the fingers and the face , you can now lift your keyboard off , get the inside of the computer , and grab the pixels directly with the hands .
As windows and archives have a location in real space , it 's so easy to grab a shelf a shelf .
You can flip through the book and highlight lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that 's down on every floating screen .
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with their hands .
In these examples , we 're feeding in the digital world .
What if we invest the papers and make the digital information come to us ?
Surely , many of us would have bought and returned things through the Internet .
Now that does n't have to worry about .
So what I 've got here is a virtual <unk> through the Internet .
This is the vision that you get from a device on your head or translucent when the system is understanding the geometry of your body .
If we took this idea further , I thought , instead of just seeing pixels in the space , how can we be physicists so that we can touch them and feel them ?
How would it be like a future ?
At MIT 's MIT Media Lab with my teacher Hiroshi Ishii , and my collaborator <unk> Post , we created this single physical pixel .
This spherical magnet is behaving like a 3D pixel in 3D , which means that the computer as the users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space .
<unk> , what we did was we choose the gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation , and it would be mechanical and detectors .
And when we 're digitally released the object , we released it from the constraints of time and space , which means that human movements can <unk> and go back and reproduce and stay forever in the physical world .
You can teach them physically , and distance , and the famous shot of Michael Jordan can be reproduce as a physical reality , the times we want .
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of the planets , the physics , and , unlike the monitors or textbooks , this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel . It 's very powerful .
But what 's more fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world to change our everyday physical activities .
As you can see , the digital information is not just going to show us something , but start acting directly about us as part of the physical world that surrounds us without that we have to address our world .
We started talking about a barrier today talking about a barrier , but if we remove that barrier , the only limit that remains is our imagination .
Thank you .
I became a <unk> for becoming <unk> for two years in <unk> , China , in the 1970s .
When I was in the first grade , the government wanted to attract a school for athletes with all expenses ' payments .
But my tiger mother said , `` No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering , like them .
After surviving the Cultural Revolution , they believed strongly that there was only an accurate path to happiness : a safe and good job .
No matter if the job I would like or not .
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer .
This was me in my imaginary piano .
An opera singer has to begin with a very young man to learn the tricks , so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school .
I even wrote to the director of school and the host of a radio program .
But no adult would tell you the idea .
No adult took me seriously .
My friends were supportive of me , but they were children , without authority , like me .
So at the age of 15 , I knew it was too much bigger to train .
My dream will never come to go .
I was afraid , for the rest of my life a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to .
And this was so unfair .
So I decided to look for another calling .
Nobody else wanted me to teach me ? OK .
Tell them to books .
[ `` Works <unk> '' ) [ `` <unk> of History '' by Nan <unk> -- I came to America in 1995 , and what were the first books that I read here ?
Those who were banned in China , of course .
`` The Good Earth '' is about <unk> Chinese life .
And it 's not propaganda propaganda . It 's <unk> .
The Bible is interesting , but strange .
That 's one topic for another day .
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation , `` <unk> your father and your mother . ''
`` <unk> , '' I said , `` It 's so different , and much better than obey . ''
So it became my tool to go out of this <unk> trap , and to reset the relationship with my parents .
The meeting with a new culture also gave me a place of comparative reading .
Let 's get a lot of perspectives .
For example , at the beginning of this map , I found it out of place , because this is what the students in China learn .
It had never occurred to me , that China had no to be at the center of the world .
A map involves people 's perspective .
The comparative reading is not something new .
It 's common practice in the academic world .
There 's to research fields like religion and comparative literature .
Compare and contrast , offers academics a deeper understanding of a topic .
And I thought if reading comparative reading worked , why do n't we do it too in everyday life ?
So I started reading books from two .
They can be from people , `` Benjamin Franklin 's '' of Walter <unk> , `` John Adams , '' by David <unk> who were involved in a same event , or friends with shared experiences .
For Christ , temptation is economic and political and spiritual .
For the Buddha , they 're all psychological : lust , fear and social duty -- interesting .
If you know another language , it 's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages .
[ `` The Final Tzu ' Road '' ) Thomas <unk> [ `` The Tao '' ) Alan <unk> ] instead of missing in translation , I found that you can win a lot of it .
For example , through translation that I realized that `` happiness '' in Chinese literally means `` Quick joy . ''
And `` girlfriend '' in Chinese , literally means `` new mother , '' uh-oh .
The books opened my magic door to connect with people from the past and the present .
I know I wo n't go back to feeling alone or powerless .
To have a shattered dream , it 's really not compared to what many others have suffered .
I 've come to believe that it 's not the only purpose of a dream .
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that the dreams come from , where the passion comes from , where happiness comes from .
So even a shattered dream can do that for you .
And because of the books , I 'm here today , happy , living with purpose and clarity , most of the time .
So the books always join them .
Thank you .
Thank you .
When I was in my <unk> , I saw my first client of psychotherapy .
I was a Ph.D. student in clinical psychology in Berkeley .
She was a <unk> woman called Alex .
And Alex came into the first session wearing jeans and a pair of <unk> , threw on my office sofa , took his shoes away , and said he wanted to talk about his problems with men .
When I heard this , I felt so relieved .
My classmates had a <unk> as a first client .
And I had a <unk> who wanted to talk about men .
I thought I could handle it .
But I did n't .
And with the stories , I would tell Alex that Alex brought the sessions , it made me easy only to move my head while I 'm going to fix the solution .
`` <unk> are the new twenties , '' he said Alex , and for what I saw , she was right .
You start to work later , you get home later , until the death passes after .
For the <unk> as Alex , I had time out of it .
But soon after , my supervisor was pushed myself to press Alex that I would talk about his loving life .
I stood up .
I said , `` Of course , it 's coming out with guy under his category , sits down with a <unk> , but it 's not like he was going to marry him . ''
And then my supervisor said , `` Not still , but maybe they get married next .
In addition , the best time to work on Alex is before they get married . ''
This is what psychologists call a `` Aha ! ''
It was when I realized that the '30s are not the new <unk> .
Yes , people sit head after what they used to be used , but this did n't make the Alex themselves a pause in their development .
This made the Alex from Alex being the perfect moment , and we were wasting it .
So I realized , this kind of benign neglect was a real problem , and he had real consequences , not just to Alex and his loving life , but to the careers , the families and the future <unk> of all sides .
There are 50 million <unk> in the United States today .
This means 15 percent of the population , or 100 percent if you consider that no one comes to adulthood without passing before .
Hands up if you 're in your <unk> .
I want to see the <unk> here .
Oh , yeah ! These are amazing .
If you work with <unk> , they love a 20-year-old , you love a 20-year-old , I want to see . It 's fine . Incredible , the <unk> people matter .
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts .
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen to 35 years .
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments , `` Aha ! '' which shape your life will have happened to when you have 30 and so many .
Over 40 , they do n't panic .
This audience is going to be fine , I think .
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on how much money they will win .
We know that more than half the Americans are married , or they 're coming out with their future partner at the age of 30 .
Now , we know that the brain ends up its second and last stage growth in its <unk> , and it 's grown to adulthood , which means that if there 's something you want to change yourself , now is the moment to change it .
We know that personality changes more times during their lifetime than anywhere else in life , and we know that the female fertility gets to its top to the 28th , and things become complicated at the 35 .
The <unk> are time to education over their body and their options .
When we think about the development of the child , we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain .
It 's a moment in which its daily life and ordinary life has an impact on the person who will become .
But what we do n't hear often is that there is something called adult development and our <unk> are a critical moment in adult development .
But this is not what the <unk> are listening .
The newspapers talk about changes in the timeline of adulthood .
The researchers call <unk> an extended adolescence .
journalists would call the <unk> names , `` <unk> '' and `` <unk> . ''
It 's true .
As a culture , we 've considered a triviality what the decade that defines adulthood .
Leonard Bernstein said that to make big things , you need a plan and not enough time .
Is n't it true ?
What do you think it 's going on when you give a 20-year-old in your head , and you say , `` Do you have another 10 years to start your life ? ''
There 's nothing going on .
They stole that person the sense of urgency and his ambition , and absolutely nothing happens .
And then every day , smart , smart , interesting , interesting , interesting , interesting kids like you , and they say something like this : `` I know my boyfriend is not good for me , but this relationship does n't count . I 'm just killing time . ''
Or they say , `` Everybody says that as you start a race before 30 , everything is fine . ''
But then it starts to sound something like this : `` My <unk> are for <unk> and I still have nothing to show .
I had better models the day I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts to sound something like this : `` My dating dates were like the game of chairs .
They were all running around and <unk> , but then at some point around the 30s , the music turned off and everybody started to sit .
I did n't want to be the only thing to stand standing , so I sometimes think I married my husband , because he was the nearest chair when he was 30 . ''
Where are the <unk> here ?
Do n't do that .
Well , that sounds a little bit extreme , but no mistake , the risks are very high .
When you leave a lot of things for the '30s , there 's a huge amount of pressure to the '30s , and so many of them start a career , to choose a city , to choose a couple , and have two or three children in a much shorter period of time .
Many of these things are not compatible , and there 's a research that starts to show , which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything in once the '30s .
The middle-aged age crisis is not about buying red cars .
It 's about realizing you ca n't have the career you want now .
You realize that you ca n't have the son you want now , or you ca n't give your son a brother .
A lot of <unk> and <unk> look at themselves , and I 'm sitting in the room , and they talk about their <unk> , `` What was I doing ? What was he thinking ? ''
I want to change what the <unk> are doing and thinking .
Here 's a story about how it might be .
It 's a story about a woman named Emma .
At 25 , Emma came to my office because he was , in his own words , having an identity crisis .
He said he would like to work in art or in entertainment , but you still could n't decide , so I spent the last few years working as a <unk> .
As it was cheaper , he was living with a boyfriend that showed harder than ambition .
And even though we were living very difficult , it 's their previous life even more difficult .
We often jump in our sessions , but then he woke up her own saying , `` You do n't choose your family , but you can choose your friends . ''
Well , one day Emma came his head over his legs and cried for almost every hour .
I had just bought a new book book to phone , and she had spent the whole morning he had her contacts , but then he sat down looking at the empty space that follows after the words `` In case of emergency , please call it ... ''
And I was about hysteria when he saw me and said , `` Who 's going to be for me if I have a car accident ?
Who 's going to take care of me if you get cancer ? ''
At that time , I cost a lot of work to resist and say , `` I . ''
Which Emma needed was not a <unk> that was really worried about .
Emma needed a better life , and I knew this was his opportunity .
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as just sitting while the greatest decade of Emma was in front of me .
So , over the next few weeks and months , I told Emma three things that either speakers , man or woman , deserves to know .
First , I told Emma that she would forget about that identity crisis and <unk> identity .
For identity capital , I mean doing something that add value to your person .
Doing something that is an investment in what you want to be after .
I did n't know the future of career Emma , and no one knows the future of work , but I know this : identity capital generates an identity .
So now it 's time for that work on the other side of the country , from that country , of that company that you want to test .
I 'm not <unk> exploration , I 'm digging down the exploration that should n't count , which , by the way , is not exploration .
It 's <unk> .
I told Emma that she would explore jobs and I would tell them .
Second , I told Emma that the urban tribes are <unk> .
The best friends are great to take you at the airport , but the <unk> ones coming together with friends with similar minds are limited in the time to who you know , what you know , how they think , how they talk , and where they work .
That new piece of capital , that new person who gets out almost always comes from outside of their nearest circle .
The new things come from what 's called weak ties of friends from their friends .
Yes , half of the <unk> have a bad job or no job .
But the other half no , and the weak bonds are the shape of <unk> to this group .
Half the jobs never come up , then knowing the head of your neighbor is how to get a job not published .
It 's not cheating . It 's the science of how the information is happening .
Last but not least , Emma believed that you do n't pick your family , but I know your friends .
This was true when I was growing up , but as <unk> , Emma soon <unk> her family when she has a partner and form his own family .
I told Emma the time to choose his family had come .
You might think that 30 is better age to sit down than 20 or even 25 , and I agree with you .
But to pick the person who you live in now , or now you 're going to tell you when everyone on Facebook start walking to the altar , it 's not progress .
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have , and that involves being as intentional in love as you are at work .
<unk> your family has to be a conscious choice of who and what they want instead of just doing it or kill time with whoever I choose to you .
So what happened to Emma ?
Well , we looked at that directory , and she found a couple of the cousin of a cousin who worked at an art museum in another state .
This weak bond helped him get a job there .
That work supply gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend that he lived .
Now , five years later , it 's special organizing of events in museums .
This married man with a man who chose consciously .
She loves her new career , she loves his new family , and I send a letter that said , `` Now spaces of <unk> spaces are not big enough . ''
Emma 's history may sound easy , but that 's what I love about working with <unk> .
It 's very easy to help them .
<unk> are like airplanes to come from Los Angeles Airport , who goes to somewhere in the west .
Just before the launch , a slight fitting in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or Fiji .
Likewise , at 21 or at 25 , and even 29 , a good deal , a good break , a good talk , can have huge effects in the next few years or even in the following generations .
Here 's my idea worth spreading to all the <unk> of the <unk> .
It 's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex .
It 's what I now have the privilege of telling you as Emma every day : <unk> are not the new <unk> , <unk> their adulthood , get identity capital , use their weak bonds , choose your family .
They wo n't be defined by what they did n't know or what they did n't do .
They 're deciding their life today .
Thank you .
When I was 27 , I left a very demanding job in management consulting for a job that was even more demanding : faculty .
I went to teach them mathematics to teach seventh grade in New York City schools .
And as any teacher , I applied tests and testing .
I got tasks .
When I work , I 'm going to pay grades .
What I called attention was that I.Q . was not the only difference between my best and my worst students .
Some of them who had a better performance did not have scores of I.Q . scores .
Some of my smartest children were n't doing so well .
And that got me thinking .
The kind of thing that you need to learn in seventh grade in seventh grade , safe , are difficult : proportions , <unk> , the area of a parallelogram .
But these concepts are not impossible , and I was very convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and for the time enough .
After several years more faculty , I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivational perspective , from a psychological perspective .
In education , the only thing we know how to measure the best way .
It 's the <unk> , but what if you succeed in school and in life depends much more than the ability to learn how fast and easy ?
So I left the classroom , and I went to college to become a psychologist .
I started studying children and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios , and in every study , my question was , who 's successful here and why ?
My research team and I went to the military Academy , West Point .
We 're trying to predict what <unk> <unk> in military training and who <unk> them .
We went to the National <unk> of <unk> , and we tried to predict what kids were going as far as possible in the competition .
We studied teachers working on hard neighborhoods , <unk> what teachers are still teaching for the end of the year school and those , who will be the most effective in improving the results of their students ' learning ?
We teamed up with private companies , asking , what of these marketers are going to keep their job at work ?
And who 's going to make more money ?
In all these very different contexts , a feature as a major predictor of success .
And it was n't social intelligence .
It was n't the good appearance , the physical health and not I.Q . I.Q .
It was determination .
Globalization is passion and perseverance to achieve very long-term goals .
The determination is to have resistance .
The determination is clinging to your future , day after day , not just a week , not just for the month , but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality .
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon , not a sprint at all speed .
A few years ago , I started studying determination in public schools in Chicago .
I asked thousands of high school students that did my comfort questionnaires and then waited for more than a year to see who <unk> .
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater chance of graduation , even when I matched them in every feature that I could measure , things like family income , the results of standardized tests , even security who felt the kids when they were in school .
So it 's not just West Point , or in the National <unk> of <unk> in which matters , it 's also at school , especially for the kids at risk of <unk> .
For me , the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know , the bit of science about its development .
Every day , parents and teachers ask me , `` How do you development determination for kids ?
What should I do to teach kids a hard work ethic ?
How do I keep them motivated for the long term ? ''
The more honest answer is : I do n't know . What I know is the talent not gives you determination .
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals that just do n't keep on with their commitments .
In fact , in our data , it 's commonly not related or even related to talent measures .
So far , the best idea I 've heard about developing is something called the growth mindset .
This is an idea that was developed at Stanford University for Carol <unk> , and it 's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed , that it can change with the effort .
Dr. <unk> has shown that when the kids read and learn about the brain and how it grows in response to the challenge , they 're much more likely to do when you fail , because you do n't believe that failure is a permanent condition .
So the growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination .
But we need more .
And that 's where I 'll finish my speech , because that 's where we are .
That 's the work we have ahead .
We need to take our best ideas , our stronger intuitions , and we need to test them .
We need to measure whether they 've been successful , and we have to be willing to fail , going wrong , to start everything again with the lessons that we learned .
In other words , we need to be certain about making our kids more certain .
Thank you .
<unk> in Taiwan , like the daughter of a <unk> , one of my most <unk> memories is my mother <unk> the beauty and the shape of the Chinese characters .
From that moment , I 'm obsessed with this amazing language .
But for a foreign , it seems to be as impenetrable as the Great Wall .
In the last few years , I 've been wondering if I can pull down this wall , so whoever I want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it .
I started thinking about how a new and fast method of learning Chinese might be helpful .
Since I was five years old , I started learning how to draw each of the strokes of each character in the right sequence .
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years .
Since we only have five minutes , it 's better than we do it in a faster , simple way .
A Chinese academic spends 20,000 characters .
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy .
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of basic literature , enough to read traffic signals , restaurant menus , understand the basic idea of pages or newspapers .
I 'll start with eight to show you how the method works .
Are you ready ?
Open your mouth as much as it might be possible until it is square .
They get a mouth .
This is a person who 's going to go for a walk .
<unk> .
If the shape of fire is a person with arms on both sides , as if I was shouting at a berserk way , `` <unk> ! I 'm burning ! '' This symbol is actually originally originally a call of calls , but I like to believe that it 's the other way . The one that will work .
This is a tree .
Tree .
This is a mountain .
The sun .
The moon .
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of doors in the old West .
I call radical to these eight characters .
They 're building blocks for creating a lot more characters .
A person .
If someone walks back , that 's `` going on '' .
As the old said , two are a company , three are a crowd .
If a person picks up his arms , this person is saying , `` It was like this big . ''
The person inside the mouth , the person 's stuck .
It 's a prisoner , such as <unk> inside the whale .
A tree is a tree . Two trees together , we have a forest .
Three trees together , we also have the forest .
Put a stick under the tree , we have the foundations .
Put a mouth on the tree , that 's an `` idiot '' -- Easy to remember , because a tree <unk> is a pretty <unk> tree .
Do you remember the fire ?
Two fires together , it 's made very hot .
Three fires together , that 's a lot of flames .
Put the fire under the two trees , and that 's burning .
For us , the sun is the source of prosperity .
Two suns , thriving .
Three together , these are flash .
Put the sun and the shining moon together , that 's the gleam .
It also means tomorrow , after one day and one night .
The sun comes out on the horizon .
A door . Put a board inside the door , it 's the deadbolt out of the door .
Put a mouth inside the door , ask questions .
<unk> , did you have somebody at home ?
This person is coming across a door , fleeing , <unk> .
On the left , we have a woman .
Two women together , they are discussing .
Three women together , are careful is adultery .
So we 've gone through almost 30 characters .
By using this method , the first eight radical is going to allow you to build 32 .
The next group of eight characters will build other characters 32 .
So with every little effort , you will be able to learn a couple hundred characters , which is the same thing as a Chinese eight years .
So after knowing the characters , we started creating sentences .
For example , the mountain and the fire together , we have a mountain of fire . It 's a volcano .
We know that Japan is the land of the emerging sun .
This is a sun placed with the origin , because Japan is in the east of China .
So a sun along the beginning , we created Japan .
A person behind Japan , what do we have ?
A Japanese person .
The character on the left is two mountains stacked up one over the other .
In the old China , that meant in exile , because the Chinese <unk> <unk> their political enemies beyond the mountains .
Today , exile has become a break .
A mouth that tells you where to go out is an exit .
This is a slide to remind you that I should stop talking and go down the stage . Thank you .
What I prefer to be dad is the movies I get to see .
I love to share my favorite films with my kids -- when my daughter was four , we saw the magician of Oz together .
The film mastered his imagination for months .
His favorite character was <unk> , of course .
He gave a good excuse to wear a brilliant dress and lead a magic wand .
But when you see that film so many times , you get to understand that it 's extraordinary .
We now live and raise our kids in a kind of complex child fantasy program .
However , the magician of Oz was an event itself .
It did n't start that trend .
The trend really took rise to 40 years later with , interestingly , another film whose protagonists , a metal kid , and a <unk> guy , and a <unk> boy would be dressed as the enemy .
You know what I 'm talking about ? Yes .
There 's a big difference between these two films , there are a couple of big differences between the magician of Oz and all the movies that we see today .
One is that there are very little violence in the magician of Oz .
The monkeys are pretty aggressive , like the apple .
But I think if the magician of Oz would do today , the magician would say , `` Dorothy , you are the salvation of Oz as the prophecy . ''
You use magical shoes to beat the armies built by <unk> evil computers .
But that 's not what happens .
Another unique thing from the magician 's magician is that the most heroic , wise characters and even villains are women .
I started noticing this when I did see `` Star Wars '' to my daughter , a few years later , and the situation was different .
At that time , I had a son .
Just three years .
It was n't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that .
But it was the second son , and the level of surveillance were down , so slid in the room , and he was impressed in the room , and he was impressed as a mom behind her stones , and I do n't think he understood what was going on , but , definitely , <unk> everything .
I wonder what perceived .
Would you be value , perseverance and allegiance ?
Do n't you feel the feeling that Luke is one to an army to overthrow the government ?
So let 's compare this to Mayor 1939 .
How does Dorothy deliver his film ?
And we do it with all of them and being a <unk> .
It 's the kind of world where I want my children to grow Oz , OK , and not a world of men who are fighting , which is where we are .
Why is there so much power capital , strength in the movies for our children , and so little on the path of yellow bricks ?
There 's a lot of literature on the impact of male violence movies in the girls , and they should read it . It 's very good .
I have n't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus .
Be an experience that princess princess does n't give up the right framework that I 'd been served to navigate the world of adults who are mixed . I think at the time of the first kiss , I really expected that the credit of the credit would appear because it 's the end of the movie , right ?
My search has done , I have girlfriend .
Why are you standing there ?
I do n't know what I should do .
The movies focused on defeat and get their reward , and they do n't leave time for other relationships or other adventures .
It 's almost like a kid , you have to be a dumb animal , and if you 're a girl , you have to use a warrior suit .
There are a lot of exceptions , and they 're defending the Disney princess to any of you .
But they send a message to kids , even though they are , kids , they 're not really their goal .
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how they defend themselves against the patriarchy , but they do n't necessarily show the kids how they defend themselves the patriarchy .
There 's no model for them .
We also have some great women who write new stories for our kids , so real and charming as <unk> and <unk> , but they do n't stop being movies from war .
Of course , the most successful topic of all times continues appearing at classic , classic after classic , each of them about the adventures of a child or a man , or two men who are friends , or a man and his son , or two men who raised a girl .
Until , as many of you are thinking , this year , it finally came out of it .
I recommend all of you . It 's already available at stores .
Do you remember what the criticism said when it came out ?
I ca n't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a princess .
It 's pretty good . Do n't let it stop !
Well , almost none of these films is the test test .
I do n't know if you 've heard about this .
It 's still not yet thrown away , and it 's spread , but maybe we 're going to start a movement .
<unk> <unk> is a comic book artist , and in the mid-'80s , I recorded a conversation I 'd had with a friend of the movie assessment that they saw .
And it 's very simple . There are only three questions you must do : In the film , there 's more of a female character that has lines ?
So , you need the requirement .
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie ?
Their conversations are about something more besides the kid that they like ? Okay ? Thank you . Thank you very much .
Two women who exist and talk about things each other .
I 've seen it , and I 've seen it very rarely see it in the cinema that we know and love .
In fact , this week , I went to see a very good film , <unk> .
Right ? <unk> from Oscar , <unk> , a consensus idea of what a Hollywood movie is .
Pretty much , it 's not the test of <unk> .
And I do n't think it should , because a lot of the movie , I do n't know if you 've seen it , a lot of the movie is happening in an embassy where men and women are hiding during the hostage crisis .
We have a lot of men 's scenes that have deep and painful conversations on this hide , and that 's the great time for one of the great actors to take a look at the door and say , you come to bed , honey ?
This is Hollywood .
So let 's look at the numbers .
In 2011 , the 100 most popular movies , how many of them believe they have female protagonists ?
Eleven . It 's not wrong .
It 's not the same percentage as the number of women we 've chosen for recently to Congress , then it 's okay .
But there 's a bigger number that this is going to be disappointed this room .
Last year , The New York Times published a study that the government had done .
This is what he said .
In the United States , one in five women says that it has been sexually assaulted once in his life .
I do n't think it 's the fault of mass entertainment .
I do n't think the movies for kids have something to do with it .
Nor do I believe that music or pornography are closely linked , but something is wrong , and when I hear that statistic , one of the things that I think is there is a lot of sexual <unk> .
Who are those guys ? What are those learning ?
What do n't you get to learn ?
They 're <unk> the story that says the role of a male hero is to defeat the villain with violence and then charge the reward , which is a woman who has no friends and do n't speak ?
What are we going to do that story ?
You know , as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter , like those of you who are doing the same thing , we find this world and this very disturbing world , and we want to go through it .
We have tools at our disposal as <unk> <unk> , and we hope that that will help , but I have to ask , <unk> <unk> , if , at the same time , active or passively , are we educating our children to keep their own male power ?
I mean , I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important , and here I mean , mainly parents .
I think we have to show our children a new definition of manhood .
The definition of masculinity is fundamentally changing .
You have read about how the new economy is changing the role that 's taking care of the home and the <unk> .
It 's all changing .
When I asked my daughter , what was his favorite character of Star Wars know what he said ?
<unk> .
<unk> <unk> and <unk> .
What do these two ?
Maybe it 's not just the brilliant dress .
I think they 're experts .
I think these are the two people in those movies that you know more than anyone , and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help us achieve their potential .
They are leaders .
I like that kind of stories for my daughter , and I like that kind of stories for my son .
I want more stories like that .
I want fewer stories in which I tell my son : `` Go and fight alone and more stories where you see that their job is to join a team , perhaps a team led by women , helping other people to improve and become better people , like the magician of Oz .
Thank you .
As a child , I lived in Maine and one of the things that I liked the most was to look for sea cookies on the shores of Maine , because my parents told me that that would give me luck .
But you know , it 's hard to find these shells .
They 're covered with sand , and it 's hard to see them .
However , over time , I got used to pick them up .
I started seeing shapes and patterns that helped me <unk> .
This became a passion for finding things , in a love of the past and archaeology .
And finally , when I started studying <unk> , I realized that I can see with my own eyes not enough .
Because suddenly , in Egypt , my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 1,300 miles long along the Nile .
And my sea cookies had grown to the size of cities .
This is really what led me to use satellite imagery .
To try to make a map of the past , I knew it had to do otherwise .
I want to show you an example of how different we see the infrared .
This is a place located in the eastern Delta in Egypt called <unk> .
And the place , simple , seems to be brown , but when we use infrared , and we process it using fake color , suddenly the place looks like pink .
What you 're seeing are the real chemical changes in the landscape caused by building materials and the activities of ancient Egyptians .
I want to share with you how we 've used the satellite data to find an old <unk> city called <unk> , lost for thousands of years .
<unk> was the capital of ancient Egypt for over 400 years , called the Middle Empire , about 4,000 years ago .
The place stands in <unk> , Egypt , and it 's really important because in the Middle Empire , there was this great renaissance of ancient Egyptian art , architecture and religion .
<unk> have always known that <unk> was located somewhere near the pyramids near the <unk> of the <unk> that were built , which is inside the red circles here , but somewhere inside of this enormous depth of swarms .
This area is huge , it 's about 6,000 miles away .
Before , the Nile Nile right next to <unk> , and as he changed over time , I moved to this , and it covered the entire city .
So how do you find a city below a long landscape ?
And I 'll try to find that chance that would be the equivalent of the equivalent of a needle in a haystack , blindfolded and using baseball gloves .
So , we use NASA from NASA to make a map of the place , with very subtle changes .
We were able to see where the Nile was going to go to the Nile .
But you can see more of it , and it 's even more interesting , this slightly elevated area that you see inside the circle here , that we think it might be the location of <unk> .
So we collaborated with the Egyptian scientists doing this behavior , you can see it here .
When I 'm sampling , it 's like the shots of it on ice , but instead of layers of climate change , we look for layers of human occupation .
Five meters down below a thick layer of mud , we found a dense layer of pottery objects .
This means that in this possible location of <unk> , five meters down , we have a layer of occupation of several hundred years that date through the Middle Empire , exactly the same period that we think is <unk> .
We also found jobs of <unk> , <unk> , quartz and cat -- what shows you there was a jewelry shop .
This might seem that it 's not much , but when we think about the most common rocks used in the jewelry of the Middle Empire , these are the stones that were used .
So we have a dense layer of occupation that goes into the Middle Empire in this place .
We also have evidence of an elite jewelry shop that shows that what 's been there , it was a very important city .
We still did n't find any <unk> here , but I 'm going to push it into a near future to localize it .
And even more importantly , we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so they can also make great discoveries .
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire , probably was written in <unk> 4,000 years ago .
Sharing is the biggest of all <unk> .
There 's nothing like that on land .
So as it looks , TED was not founded in 1984 <unk> C .
Do the ideas happen really started in 1984 BC in a lost city , not for a long time , and found out from high .
It certainly puts the search for marine shells in perspective .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
I want to invite you to close your eyes .
Imagine standing outside , in front of the door of <unk> home .
I 'd like to pay attention to the color of the door , the material that is made .
Now let 's run a group of obese obese guys .
They are competing at a <unk> race , and they go back to their entryway door .
I need to see this really .
They 're <unk> , they 're sweating , they 're <unk> .
They collide against the door of their house .
There 's bicycles flying everywhere , wheels that go on their side , rays of the wheels that end up in <unk> places , <unk> the door threshold .
In the lobby , in the hallway , or what the other side of the door , and look at the quality of light , the light 's shining on the <unk> of <unk> .
It 's waving with your hand .
From his chair , a brown horse .
It 's a horse that speaks .
You can feel your blue fur making it on your nose .
You can smell the oats cookie , and you spend it 's about to get into your mouth .
<unk> by one side and come into your living room .
Already in the room , and I 'm doing more use of your imagination , imagine Britney Spears .
He 's with little clothing , dancing on his downtown table , singing `` <unk> . Baby More . ''
Now follow me in my kitchen .
The ground has been coated with a yellow brick path , and from the oven comes towards you Dorothy , the <unk> , the <unk> , the Len , `` The Wizard of Oz , '' <unk> of hands , jumping into you .
Okay . Open your eyes .
I want to tell you about a particular contest that takes place every spring in New York .
It 's called the <unk> of <unk> in the United States .
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist , waiting , I guess , that this was like the end of a wise <unk> .
There were several men and a few ladies from different ages and different habits of hygiene .
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers , looking at them only once .
They took the names of tens and tens of strangers .
<unk> whole poems in just minutes .
It 's <unk> to see who I could memorize the order of a deck of cards .
And I thought , `` This is amazing . ''
These people must be from nature .
And I started talking to some of the competitors .
This is a man named Ed Cook , who had come from England and has one of the best trained memories .
I said , `` Ed , when you realized you were a wise ? ''
Ed replied , `` I 'm not a wise .
Actually , I have an average memory .
Everybody who participate in this competition , they say they have normal memory .
`` We 've been trained to perform these miracle acts of memory using ancient techniques , invented a half thousand years ago in Greece , the same techniques that used Cicero to memorize their speeches , and that medieval academics used to memorize books . ''
And my reaction was , `` Wow . How did n't you hear this before ? ''
We were standing outside of the classroom of the competition , and Ed , who is a wonderful and brilliant English , although a little bit of a bit of it , said , `` Josh , you are an American journalist .
Do you know Britney Spears ?
And I said , `` What ? No , why ?
Because I 'd like to teach Britney Spears Spears ways how to memorize order on a deck of cards live on national TV .
That would prove to the world that anybody can do . ''
And I said , `` Well , I 'm not Britney Spears , but maybe you can teach me to me .
I mean , do you have to start by something ? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me .
And I ended up spending most of the year , not just training my memory , but also <unk> , trying to understand how it works , why sometimes it does n't work and what their potential can be .
I met a lot of really interesting people .
This is a man called <unk> .
He 's <unk> , very likely to have the worst memory in the world .
His memory was so bad that he did n't even remember that he had a memory problem ; it 's amazing .
Someone incredibly tragic , but it was a window that allows us to see how much our memory makes us who we are .
At the other end of the spectrum , I met this man .
This is Kim <unk> , and he 's based on `` Rain Man '' called `` Rain Man . ''
We went a late afternoon in the public library in Salt Lake City , memorizing phone books ; it was sparkling .
And when I came back , I read a lot of treaties on the memory of a little over 2,000 years ago in Latin , in <unk> and then in the Middle Ages .
And I learned a lot of really interesting things .
One of the most interesting things that I learned is that there was a time where this idea of being trained , disciplined and cultivated was not as rare as it might be like today .
A long time ago , people put in their memory , to provide <unk> their minds .
These techniques have made possible our modern world , but they have also changed us .
They 've been culturally changed , and I would say that they have also changed cognitively cognitively .
As we have no need to remember , sometimes we have forgotten how to do that .
One of the last places on our planet where there are still people who are passionate about this idea of a trained , disciplined memory and growing is this particular competition of memory .
It 's actually not so singular ; there are competencies like this all around the world .
I was fascinated , I wanted to know how these people do .
A few years ago , a group of University College from London invited a memory champions into the lab .
They wanted to know : Is it going to be that you have brains in some way , structural or different copy of the rest of us ?
The answer was , no .
Are they even smarter than the rest ?
They gave them a cognitive test battery , and the answer was actually , no .
There were yet a really interesting and meaningful difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects that you compared them .
When they put them in an MRI machine , they would take their brains as they were <unk> numbers , faces and snowflakes . They found that in the memory champions , <unk> parts of the brain , different to others .
They actually used , or seemed to be used , a part of the brain that involves spatial memory and navigation .
Why ? Is there something that we could learn from this ?
The tournament of competitive memorizing is being driven as an armed race where each year comes up with a new way of remembering more things , more quickly , and then the rest of the competitors have to give up .
This is my friend Ben <unk> , three times a memory champion .
On his desk , in front of him , there 's 36 <unk> of messy cards that he 's about to try to memorize an hour , using a technique that he invented and just he dominates .
He used a similar technique to memorize the <unk> order of <unk> digits random .
Yes .
And while there 's a lot of ways to remember things in these competence , absolutely all of the techniques used by the end is reduced to a single concept that psychologists call `` coding <unk> . ''
It is illustrates with a elegant paradox , like the paradox `` <unk> . ''
That 's his name .
And then I 'm asking you , `` Remember , there 's a <unk> . ''
And when I go back later , and I ask you , `` Do you remember that word I told you a while ago ? ''
`` Remember what was it ? ''
The person who said that his name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word that the person who told her work is `` <unk> . ''
Same word , different capacity of memory -- that 's weird .
What 's going on here ?
Well , the name Baker , actually does n't mean anything for you .
And with all the other memories he dance for his head .
But the word `` <unk> '' -- we know bakers .
They use these white hats .
They have flour in their hands .
They 're okay when they come home to work .
You probably know some baker .
And when we put that word for the first time , we started putting <unk> <unk> at some point after it .
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this dates back two years in Greece .
It 's known as the `` courthouse . ''
The story says this : There was a poet called <unk> I attended a demos .
They had hired him as entertainment , because before , if he wanted to give a very good party , he did n't get a DJ , he would hire a poet .
He stood up , he took his poem from memory , and she left , and so soon it was , the classroom was collapsed .
We were killing everybody .
But not only did it kill everybody , but it shattered the bodies , left <unk> .
Nobody could say who was there , nobody could remember where they were sitting there .
So you could n't afford them .
It 's a tragedy behind the other .
<unk> , standing outside , only to survive , in the middle of the rubble , I closed the eyes and realized that with his eyes of his mind , I could see where everyone had been sitting .
I took the <unk> family <unk> , where they were their loved ones between the rubble .
What <unk> warned at that moment is something that we all know more or less intuitively , and is that no matter whether we 're not good at remembering names or instructions or instructions from our colleagues , we have visual memory and remarkable spatial memory .
If I was telling you that I 'm reminded of the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about <unk> , it 's very likely to get them very difficult to do that .
But I 'm willing to bet that if you asked them to say who I was sitting on the horse <unk> brown in their lobby , they would be able to <unk> them .
The idea of the memory of memory is to create this building with the eyes of his mind and <unk> with the things that you want to remember , the more crazy , crazy , funny , <unk> , <unk> , and <unk> , it 's the most memorable , the most memorable .
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago , the first <unk> of memory , in Latin .
And how does it work ?
So let 's say you 've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to do it from memory , in the same way that would have made a Cicero thing if you were invited to break it up 2,000 years ago .
What you could do is imagine you 're at the door of your house .
And to come up with some sort of absolutely ridiculous , crazy , haunting image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that <unk> competition .
And then you can imagine coming into your house , and see at the <unk> of the <unk> on Mister Ed .
And that 's you to remember you want to introduce your friend Ed Cook .
And then you would see Britney Spears to remind that anecdote that they want to count .
And then they went into the kitchen , and the fourth topic that they would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for a whole year , and they have some friends to help you remember it .
This is how the Romans speakers have revealed his speeches , not word for word , who will confuse him , but typical for typical .
In fact , the term `` typical '' comes from the Greek `` <unk> , '' which means `` place . ''
It 's a remnant of when people thought about speaking and the rhetoric with this kind of space terms .
The phrase `` First , '' it would be like the first place in his memory palace .
I saw this was just fascinating , and I got out of it .
I went to some of these health care competitions , and I had the idea of writing something much over this subculture of competitive Ebola .
But there was a problem .
The problem was that a memory competition is such a boring event .
Seriously , it 's like to see a lot of people sitting around with tests , and I mean , the most exciting thing that happens is when someone confronted the front .
I 'm a journalist , and I need to be able to write about something .
I know there are amazing things happening in these minds of these people , but I do n't have access to .
I realized that if I was going to tell this story , I needed to try to put myself in place .
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning , before I sat down to see the New York Times , just trying to remember something .
Maybe a poem , or the names of an old school yearbook bought in a <unk> market .
And I discovered this was <unk> fun .
I would never have expected to have expected to be .
It was fun , because it was n't just about training the memory .
What it is really about doing is better and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous , ridiculous images , <unk> , <unk> , absurd , and hopefully <unk> , in the eye of the mind .
I was hooked pretty with this .
This is me , using my standard training team for memory competition .
It 's a couple of <unk> and some security glasses , with just two <unk> , because the distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competitor .
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before . I had the idea that I could type in , in a kind of participatory journalism experiment .
I thought this might be a good goal for all my research .
The problem was that the experiment came out of control .
And I won the competition , which did n't have to happen .
Of course it 's nice to memorize speeches , and phone numbers , phone lists , but this is actually not the point .
These are so just tricks .
Because they are based on quite basic principles about how the brain works .
And it 's not necessary to build out of the memory or memorize <unk> cards , to benefit from a little bit of insight on how their mind works .
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it was an innate gift , but it 's not the case .
The big memories educate .
At the most basic level , we remember when we pay attention to it .
Let us tell you when we focus deeply .
The palace of memory -- these memory techniques , are just shortcuts .
In fact , they 're not even shortcuts .
They work because they make us <unk> .
It 's sort of a deep processing kind of processing , a whole kind of care that most of you are not sitting around it .
But the reality is there is no shortcuts .
That 's how things become memorable .
And if there 's something I want to leave you with today , that 's what <unk> , the <unk> that I could n't even remember I had a memory problem , I left myself , which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories .
How much are we willing to lose what is already our short existence <unk> on the Blackberries or iPhones , not paying attention to the human being in front of us , who walks around us , and we are going to be so suspicious that we do n't even be able to be able to be involved in processing ?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us .
But if you want to live a memorable life , you must be from the kind of person you remember .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you today about the last 30 years of the history of architecture .
It 's a lot to cover in 18 minutes .
It 's a complex issue , so we 'll give you a complex place : New Jersey .
Because 30 years ago , I 'm a Jersey of mine , and I was living there in my parents ' home in a town called <unk> , and this was my bedroom child .
In the corner , from my bedroom , I was the bathroom I shared with my sister .
And between my bedroom and the bathroom , there was a balcony that gave the living room .
And there you all spent the time watching TV -- so every time I went from my room to the bathroom , everyone sees me , and every time I got bored and I wrapped up in a towel , everybody saw me .
And I was like that .
I was awkward , insecure , and hated it .
I hated that journey , hated this balcony , hated that room and that house .
That 's architecture .
Okay .
Those feelings , those emotions that I felt , that is the power of architecture , because architecture is not about mathematics , or division of areas , but from those visceral connections , emotional connections , that we feel in the places we deal with .
And no wonder we feel like that , because according to Environmental Protection Agency , the Americans spend 90 percent of their time under the roof .
That is , 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture .
That 's a lot .
The architecture determines in ways we do n't even realize it .
That makes us a little naive and very , very predictable .
This means that when I show you a building like this , I know what it is to you : you think about power , `` power , '' and `` democracy . ''
And I know they think about it as we based on a building , 2,500 years by the Greeks .
This is a trick .
It 's a <unk> that uses architects to create an emotional connection with the ways that we build our buildings .
It 's a predictable emotional connection ; we 've used this trick for a long , long time .
We use it 200 years ago to build banks .
We use it in the 19th century to build art museum .
And in the 20th century , we use it to build houses .
Look , these <unk> <unk> , solid solid , in front of the sea , away from the elements .
This is very , very useful , because building things is frightening .
It 's expensive , it takes a long time , and it 's very complicated .
The people who build , and the governments , are always afraid of innovation , and they prefer to use ways that know they 're going to work .
So we found ourselves with buildings like this .
It 's a nice building .
It 's the <unk> Public Library that was finished in 2004 , in my hometown , and , you know , you have a dome ; it has this round , columns , red brick , that they leave <unk> , which <unk> tries to communicate with this building : the children , the values of ownership , the story .
But it does n't have a lot to do with a library today .
That same year , in 2004 , on the other side of the country , ended another library , which looks like this .
It 's in Seattle .
This library shows how we use media in the digital age .
It 's a new kind of public gear for the city , a place to meet , read and share .
So how is it possible that in the same year , in the same country , two buildings , both of these so-called libraries , are that completely different ?
And the answer is that architecture works according to the beginning of the pendulum .
On one side is innovation , the architects that constantly drive new technologies , new Smithsonian , new solutions for life forms today .
We 'll push it , we 'll push it , and we 'll push it so much , that we got away from the people .
All of black , this gets depressed . You think we feel very well , but we 're dead inside because we do n't have any other choice .
We need to go to the other side and come back to connect with these appreciated symbols .
So we 're all happy , and we 're all happy , but we feel like <unk> , so we start experimenting with the pendulum pendulum forward , over and over again . So we 've done that over the last 300 years , and of course it 's in the last 30 years .
Well , 30 years ago , we came up from the 1970s .
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called `` <unk> . ''
It has to do with concrete .
You can guess .
<unk> small , on a dehumanizing scale .
Something really really hard .
So , we 're approaching the '80s , and we started bringing those symbols together .
Let 's get the pendulum back in the other direction .
We take those ways we know that we like and <unk> them .
We 'd get neon and add pies and use new materials .
They love it .
We do n't give them <unk> .
We took cabinets of <unk> , and we turned them into skyscrapers , which can be made out of glass slides .
The shapes are <unk> , they won in audacity and colorful .
<unk> became columns .
Trees grew up to size of buildings .
It 's crazy .
But it was the 1980s , that was great .
We all spend the time in commercial centers , we moved to the neighborhoods , and there , in the suburbs , we could create our own architectural fantasies .
Those fantasies could be the Mediterranean , the French , or the Italian .
Possibly with an endless sticks of bread .
This is what 's going on with <unk> .
This is what 's going on with the symbols .
They 're easy , they 're cheap , because instead of creating new spaces , we visualize memories of other places .
I know very well , and all of you know , this is not Tuscany .
This is Ohio .
Architects feel frustrated , and we started making the pendulum swing around the pendulum .
In the '80s , and in the early '90s , we started experimenting with the so-called <unk> .
We 've got the historical symbols ; we now have new <unk> design techniques , and we found some of these new compositions , a few ways that are <unk> against other forms .
This is academic and <unk> , and it 's <unk> ; you have no <unk> .
Normally , the pendulum <unk> again in the opposite direction .
But then something amazing happened .
In 1997 , this building opened .
It 's the Guggenheim of Bilbao , Frank Gehry .
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture .
Paul <unk> said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critics , and academics and public in general , were completely agreed on a building .
The New York Times journal <unk> this silver facility .
<unk> in Bilbao was in a half two percent when they finished the building .
So suddenly , everybody wanted one of those buildings : Los Angeles , Seattle , Chicago , New York , Cleveland , <unk> .
Everybody wanted one , and Gehry was everywhere .
He was our first star architect .
But how is it possible that these forms , wild and radical , how is it possible to become ubiquitous around the world ?
And it happened , because media went through around them and quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism .
We created an emotional reaction with these forms .
The same did the main mayors in the world .
So everyone believed that if they had these forms , they had culture and tourism .
This phenomenon at the beginning of the new millennium happened with other star architects .
And I went to travelers and Libeskind , and what happened with these few few architects architects at the top of the new millennium , actually began to happen with all the architecture -- digital media started increasing the speed of information consumption .
Think of , for example , how you use architecture .
A thousand years ago , they would have to have to walked up to the next village to see a building .
The transport is speeding up : you can take a ship , an airplane , you can be tourists .
Technology accelerates . You can see in the newspapers , on TV , and at the end , we are all photographers in architecture , and the building is carried beyond its physical location .
The architecture is everywhere now ; that means that the speed of communications finally has reached the speed of architecture .
Because architecture moves so fast .
It does n't be very accurate to think about a building .
It takes a lot of time to build a building , three or four years old , and in that time , an architect can design two , eight , or 100 buildings more , before we know what I designed four years ago was a success or not .
Because there 's never been good feedback in architecture .
This is how we found ourselves with buildings like this .
The <unk> was not a two-year movement , but 20 years .
For 20 years , we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much the <unk> are .
That 's never going to happen . I think , because we are at the biggest revolution in the architecture of the invention of concrete , steel or elevator , and it 's the media revolution .
My theory is that when the same applies to media , it starts to swing faster and faster , to be in both extremes of simultaneous , and it will effectively become the difference between innovation and symbol , between us , architects , and you , the public .
Now we can make almost instant symbols , with emotional charge , of something completely new .
I 'm going to show you how the system works on a project that my company ended recently .
We were <unk> to replace this building that caught fire .
This is the center of a town called <unk> in Fire Island , in the state of New York .
It 's a holiday community .
But that meant that two years before the building was completed , it was part of the community , and as the drawings looked exactly at the finished product , there was no surprises .
The building came to be part of the community . That first summer , when people began to reach and share it in social media , the building stopped being just a building , it became a media , because these are not just images of a building , it 's the images that you did the building .
And as you use them to tell your story , they become part of the personal narrative , and that makes it <unk> with the collective memory , and you carry these symbols , we learn .
I mean , we do n't need the Greeks tell us how to think about architecture .
We can tell each other what we think about architecture , because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us , but they have changed the relationship between us and the buildings .
Think for a second in those <unk> librarians .
If that building was built today , we first went to the Internet for `` new libraries . ''
We are bombarded with examples of experiment , of innovation , about what a library can be .
That 's ammunition .
You can bring them to the mayor of <unk> , to <unk> people , and tell them that there is no answer only to what a library can be today .
Let 's be part of this .
This abundance of solutions gives freedom to experience .
Everything is different now .
The architects are no longer these mysterious creatures that are using words like <unk> words and complicated , and you 're not a hapless public that does n't accept anything I 've never seen before .
The architects can hear , and you do n't have to intimidate by architecture .
That means the pendulum <unk> one another , from one movement to another , is irrelevant .
In fact , we can go ahead and find appropriate solutions to the problems facing society .
This is the end of the history of architecture , and it means that buildings in the morning will be very different than the buildings today .
This means that a public space in the ancient city of <unk> can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city .
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that , a stadium in Brooklyn , and not a bad <unk> historical brick with a basis in ideas of what it should be like .
This means that a few robots will be able to build our buildings , because we finally will be ready for the ways that they 're going to produce .
That means that buildings become <unk> to the whims of nature , not the opposite .
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach , Florida , too can serve for doing sports or for yoga , or maybe you can get married at night .
This means that three architects can dream about swimming in the East River in New York City , and raising half a million dollars of the community together around that cause , no longer a customer alone .
It means that no building is too small for innovation , like this little pavilion of <unk> , so bully and <unk> as the animals that are going to look at .
Because it does n't matter whether it 's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings .
It does n't matter how we build , what matters is what we build .
Architects , you know how to make more ecological buildings , smarter and kinder .
We 've been waiting for all of you .
Finally , we 're not on opposite sides .
Find an architect , <unk> and working together to make better buildings , better cities , for a better world , because there 's a lot of play .
The buildings not just reflect our society , but they shape them to the smaller spaces : local libraries , home where we go to our children , and the way from the bedroom to the bathroom .
Thank you very much .
This is my niece , <unk> .
It just turned a year and started walking .
And it does that in this cool way , typical of the children of a year , <unk> , as if your body was moving too fast for his legs .
It 's totally precious .
And one of the things you like to do for the moment is look in the mirror .
She really loves his reflection .
He laughs and <unk> , and it gives themselves these big , wet kisses .
It 's beautiful .
And apparently , all of his friends do this , and my mom tells me I used to do it , and it made me think , `` When do you stop doing this ? ''
How do we suddenly be comfortable with our appearance ?
Because , apparently , we do n't like it .
Every month , 10,000 people look at Google , `` Am I ugly ? ''
This is <unk> , she 's 13 , and she lives in Denver .
And as any teenager , you just want to be dear and fit .
It 's Sunday at night .
It 's preparing for next week at school .
She 's a bit of fear , it 's a little confused , because even though his mom tells him all the time it 's beautiful , every day in school , somebody tells him it 's ugly .
Between what his mom says , and what his friends , or colleagues of school tell him , do n't know who to believe .
So he does a video of her herself , he publishes it on YouTube , and he says to others that please leave a comment , `` Am I beautiful or Am I ugly ? ''
Well , so far , <unk> has gotten over 13,000 comments .
Some of these are so nasty , it does n't even deserve to think about them .
We talk about a healthy , normal , current teenager , who receives these answers in one of the stages of their most vulnerable life .
Thousands of people are posting videos like this , mostly teenage girls trying to communicate like this .
But what 's driving them to do this ?
Well , the teenagers today almost never are alone .
They 're under pressure from being online and available all the time , talking , <unk> , giving me , giving me , `` I like , '' talk , by sharing , publishing , publishing , this is never finished .
Never before we 've been so connected , so it 's really instantaneous , so young .
As a mother said to me , `` It 's like there 's a party in your room every night . ''
There 's just no privacy .
And the social pressures that go from the hand , that 's just ruthless .
This environment , of being always connected , is attached to our kids at <unk> based on the number of `` I like '' that they have and the kinds of comments they get .
There is no between a life online and real life .
It 's really hard to know the differences between what it is , or what it is not .
And also , it 's very difficult to know the difference between what 's authentic and what it is digitally manipulated .
What is the highlight of someone 's life in front of what is normal in a daily context ?
And where are you looking for inspiration ?
Well , you can see the type of images that are the covers of girls ' news .
<unk> <unk> continue to dominate our <unk> .
The <unk> technique is now a routine .
And trends like : # <unk> , <unk> , <unk> and <unk> .
For those of the <unk> , <unk> means <unk> .
These trends are associated with women in the popular culture of today .
It 's not hard to see what young people compare .
But kids are not immune to this .
You know , like the sports stars in the sport , and the singers will come from .
But what 's the problem with all this ?
Well , we probably want our children to grow healthy and be a good person to be <unk> .
But in a culture obsessed by the image , we 're teaching our kids to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance , the price of all other aspects of their identity .
Things like their relationships , the development of their physical capabilities , their studies and other aspects begin to suffer .
Six of every 10 girls prefer not to do anything , because you think it 's pretty good enough .
These are no trivial activities .
They are fundamental activities for growth as human beings and as contributors to society and the field of working development .
31 percent , almost one of three teenagers are not interested in the classroom arguments . They 're going to be involved in arguments in the classroom because they do n't want to attract attention to their physical appearance .
One of five is not going to live at all in the days when they do n't feel comfortable about it .
And in the test season , if you do n't think you look good enough , specifically if you do n't think you 're thin enough , you 'll get a lower note to the average of your peers who do n't care about it .
And this phenomenon has spread in Finland , the United States and China .
And they 're familiar regardless of what these young people weigh .
So , so that it 's very clear , we 're talking like you , not how you really are .
The low self-esteem on your body is <unk> the academic performance .
And it 's also <unk> the health .
<unk> teenagers are less physical activity , they eat fewer fruits and vegetables , they participate in more healthy diets that you can bring them into a food disorder .
They have low self-esteem .
They 're more easily embedded by the people around them and are at greatest risk of depression .
And we thought that 's why it 's made more risky decisions , like the consumption of alcohol and drug consumption , dramatic diets , aesthetic surgery , sexual activity , sexual ages and no protection and harm damage .
The search for the perfect body is pushing the healthcare system , and our government costs a billion dollars every year .
And we 're not controlling it .
Women who believe they 're overweight again , regardless of whether or they have no higher rates of lower rates .
17 percent of women do n't present to a job interview in a day where they do n't secure in the way they see .
Think for a moment what this is doing to our economy .
If we could overcome this , what would that happen ?
It 's about interest to each one of us .
But how do we do that ?
Well , speaking , it does n't take you very far .
Not enough .
If you really want to change things , you have to do something .
And we 've learned that there are three key ways . The first one is that we have to instill trust in their own body .
We need to help our teens develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect imagery and build their self-worth .
The good news is that there are a lot of software available to do that .
The bad news is that most of these do n't work .
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of well-meaning programs , without realizing , make the situation worse .
So we have to make sure that the program that our children continue to do not only have a positive impact , but also a lasting impact .
And research studies show that the best programs focused on six key areas . The first is the influence of family , friends and relationships .
These six respects is crucial points for anyone willing to provide an education on body self-esteem that works .
An education is fundamental , but tackle this problem requires each of us to take the driver 's seat into the issue and be a better model to follow women and girls in our own lives .
It challenging the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles .
It 's not good to tell with the input of our politicians in breaks or the size of your breasts , or in fact , that the determination or the success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it 's not a great beauty .
We need to start judging people by what they are , not as you see .
All of us can start by making the responsibility by the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks .
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance .
And let me ask you : When was the last time you get a mirror ?
In short , we have to work together as communities , as governments and as companies , to truly change our culture , so that our children will grow to be to grow to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to
We have to put people who are actually making a difference on a pedestal .
It 's going to make a difference in the real world , let them be those who come out on the big screen because we will just create a different world .
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves , where the way they think they 're going to be seen to be who they are , or to achieve what they want in their lives .
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives .
Who 's in mind ?
wife ?
Her sister ?
A daughter ?
Or your niece ? A friend ?
Could it be just the woman who 's going to be two seats away . What would it mean for her if it was released from that voice <unk> inside her , which haunts not a long legs , dad more skinny , a more flat belly , smaller feet ?
What would it mean for her if we were doing this , and we would unlock that way ?
Right now , the obsession of our culture with the imagery is holding us all over .
But let 's bring our kids to the truth .
They argue that the way you see it is just a part of your identity , and that the truth is that we love them , and why they do , and as they make us feel .
It will be <unk> at the self-esteem of our schools .
Let 's change each one of us , the way we talk and compare it to other people .
And to work together as a community , from small groups to governments , so that the little <unk> of a year 's age of today will become safe change agents in themselves tomorrow .
Let 's do that .
On November five , 1990 , a gentleman called <unk> <unk> walked into a hotel in Manhattan and killed the rabbi Meir de <unk> , the Army 's <unk> leader .
It initially initially was innocent , but he was in jail for other minor charges , in one other office company , started planning on attacks on about 12 French New York , including tunnels , synagogues , and the United Nations headquarters .
Luckily , those plans became an FBI informant .
Sadly , the bomb of 1993 in the World Trade Center , could n't be avoiding .
Later it would be convicted of his participation in that bombing .
<unk> <unk> is my father .
I was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , in 1983 , being he was an Egyptian engineer , with an American mother teacher , teacher of elementary school teacher , and the two people made all the way to give me a happy childhood .
Only when I was seven , our family started to change .
My father taught me a way of Islam , which very few , even most Muslims , get to know .
For an experience , I saw that when people take time to interact , you do n't need a lot to get to desire the same things in life .
However , in all religion , in every human group , there 's always a tiny fraction of people who were going to become so empowered to their convictions that think we need to use all possible media for everyone to live like them .
A few months before arrest , he sat with me and explained that over the last weekends , he and some friends , had been going to shot training in Long Island to practice .
He told me that I would go with him the next day .
We got to the shooting shooting <unk> that , without knowing our group , was under the FBI .
When I was touched , my father helped me holding the rifle on the shoulder , and he explained to me how to aim for about 30 feet .
That day , with the last bullet that he shot , I gave the little orange light on the target , and , to surprise of all , especially mine , all the objective broke .
My uncle went back to others and in Arabic , said , `` <unk> <unk> . ''
It 's such a parent .
All of all , the comment made a lot of laughter , but just a few years later , I understood what they were so funny .
You saw in me , the same level of destruction that my father could cause .
Those people later would be convicted of <unk> by putting a <unk> , <unk> kilograms of explosives on the north tower of the World Trade Center , causing an explosion that killed six people and hurt another 1,000 .
I admired those men .
He called them `` <unk> , '' which means to be a uncle .
When I turned 19 , I had already moved 20 times . That instability in my childhood did n't allow me to make a lot of friendships .
Every time I started to feel comfortable close to someone , it was now <unk> and leave another city .
Because I was always the new face of the class , I was often a <unk> victim .
<unk> secret my identity to avoid being the white , but to be the new of the class , quiet and chubby , it was enough ammunition .
So most of the time , I was going through reading books , watching TV or playing video games .
For these reasons I did n't develop social skills , to say gently softly . It was n't prepared for the real world .
I became opera to judge people , based on arbitrary indicators , like race or their religion .
So how could I open your eyes ?
One of the first experiences that they had to test , was during the presidential presidential elections .
In a <unk> program I was involved in the National Convention in the National Convention in Philadelphia .
My group became <unk> in the subject of juvenile violence , as I had been the victim of <unk> almost all my life , was something that I had a lot of passion .
The members of this group came from diverse backgrounds .
One day , at the end of the convention , I discovered that one of the guys who we had made friendship , was Jewish .
It took several days to go out of light , and I realized that there was no animosity between the two .
I had never had a Jewish friend and I was quite proud of having been able to beat the barrier that all life had been made to me believe that it was <unk> .
Another crucial moment came out when I got a summer job in Bush Gardens , an amusement park .
I found myself with people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures , and that experience was fundamental to the development of my character .
All of life had taught me that <unk> was a sin , and by extension , all the gay men were bad influences .
By chance , I had the opportunity to work with gay actors in a show , and I could see that several of them were the kinder and less critical critics I 'd ever seen in life .
Having been bullied , I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others , but it was n't easy for me to treat friendly people , exactly the way I wish to be treated .
For that feeling I could contrast the stereotypes that had taught me as a child , with the experience of interaction in real life .
I do n't know how that 's being homosexual , but I know what it is to be judged by something beyond my control .
Then came the Daily Show .
Every night , Jon Stewart made me be intellectually honest about my <unk> , and he was helping me to see that the race of people , religion or sexual orientation , they have nothing to do with character .
In many ways , he became my paternal figure at a moment when I was desperately <unk> .
Occasionally , inspiration can come from the unexpected , and that a Jewish Jew would have had a better influence in my life that my own father , extremist , was not in vain .
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking , and she told me something that 's held in my heart forever , while she 's alive .
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who has suffered enough with endless <unk> and said , `` I 'm tired of hate . ''
At that moment , I realized how much negative energy is needed to keep all that hate inside .
My real name is not <unk> <unk> .
It changed when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and to start a new life .
So why did I decided to go out and put myself at a risk ?
Well , it 's simple .
I 've done that because I hope someone , one day , who 's about to lead to violence , I can hear that there 's a better path , which even though I 'm reminded of this violent ideology and <unk> , I did n't get to <unk> .
Conversely , I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and prejudice .
I do it for the victims of terrorism and their loved ones , and for the terrible pain and losses that terrorism has produced their lives .
For the victims of terrorism to speak , they 're against those meaningless acts , like rejection 's actions .
With this simple act here as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race , that kids do n't have to follow the roads of their parents .
I 'm not my father .
Thank you . Thank you all . Thank you very much .
Right now there 's a film that is projected in your mind .
It 's an amazing film movie .
It 's in 3D , and it has <unk> sound of what you hear and see right now . But that 's just the beginning .
Your movie has smell , taste and texture .
He feels your body , your pain , your hunger , your pleasure .
It has emotions , anger and happiness .
It has memories , as a moments of your childhood that 's going on to your eyes .
And it has constantly a voice superimposed around your conscious thinking .
The heart of the movie is you who experiences everything live .
This film is your flow of consciousness , the subject of the mind of mind and the world 's experience .
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of being human .
Each of us is conscious .
We all have an internal movie itself , you , you and you .
There 's nothing that you know more directly .
At least , I know I have an awareness of their own .
I 'm not certain that you are conscious .
Consciousness is also the reason to live .
If we were n't aware , nothing in our lives would make sense or value .
But at the same time is the most mysterious phenomenon of the universe .
Why are we conscious ?
Why do we have these internal movies ?
Why are we not just the robots that we 're getting to produce outcomes without experiencing the internal movie ?
At this point , nobody knows the answers to those questions .
I suggest that to integrate awareness to science , you need some radical ideas .
Some people say it 's impossible to be a science of consciousness .
Science , by nature , is objective .
Consciousness , by nature , is subjective .
So there can never be a science of consciousness .
Because for almost the whole century , we 've got that vision .
psychology is studying objectively a objectively when neuroscience is objectively to study , but nobody mentioned consciousness .
Even 30 years ago , when TED started , there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness .
After , 20 years ago , it all started to change .
It was like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Penrose said , `` now is the moment for science to alter consciousness . ''
And since then , there was a real bang , a flowering of the scientific work of consciousness .
And this work was fantastic . It was great .
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment .
The center of the science of consciousness in recent years was the search for correlations , correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness .
We saw something about this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy <unk> had a few minutes ago .
Now we understand a lot better , for example , the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feel happy or feeling happy .
But this is still a science in correlations .
It 's not a science of explanations .
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences , but we do n't know why .
I 'd like to explain to you that this kind of work of neuroscience responds to some questions that we want to explain consciousness , and questions about what certain brain areas do and what it was correlate .
But in a sense , those are the easy problems .
without offense to neuroscientists .
Actually , there 's no easy problem with consciousness .
Well , does n't address the real core mystery of this matter : Why does every physical process in the brain have to be accompanied by consciousness ?
Why is this a subjective internal movie ?
Right now , we ca n't understand it .
And you can say , let 's give it a few years to neuroscience .
It 's going to become another emerging phenomenon like traffic traffic , like hurricanes , like life , and we 're going to find explanation .
<unk> are all emerging behaviors , how they operate traffic , how hurricanes they work , how they reproduce , they adapt and metabolize living organisms . They 're all questions about how it works .
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon , how we walk , how we 're talking , how we 're talking about , how we 're playing chess ; they 're all questions about behavior .
But when it comes to consciousness , the questions about behavior are among the easy problems .
But the hard problem , is the question of why is it that all behavior is accompanied by a subjective experience ?
And here is , the standard paradigm of the emergence , the standard paradigm of neuroscience , actually does n't have a lot to say .
I am a heart scientist .
I want a scientific theory of the <unk> that works . For a long time , I would beat my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physicists that would work .
But ultimately I came to the conclusion that that did n't work for systematic reasons .
I think we 're going to go on this point .
We have a kind of wonderful explanations , great . We get used to this ; physics explains chemistry , chemistry explains biology , biology explains part of psychology .
But consciousness does n't seem to fit in this scheme .
On the one hand , it 's a fact that we are conscious .
On the other hand , we do n't know how to manipulate that idea of our scientific worldview .
I think consciousness , right now , is kind of an anomaly , something that we need to integrate our worldview , but we do n't know yet .
With an anomaly like this , you can need radical ideas . I think we need ideas that at the beginning , it 's crazy , before you can deal with consciousness in a scientific way .
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas .
My friend Dan Dennett , who 's here today , has one .
Their crazy idea is that there is no such difficult problem of consciousness .
The whole idea of the inner subjective film includes a kind of illusion or confusion .
Actually , what you need to do is to explain objective function , the behaviors of the brain , and so you study everything that needs explanation .
Well more power for him .
That 's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of consciousness , purely reductionist , based on the brain .
At the same time , for me and for many others , that vision is pretty close to simply denying that the observation of consciousness is satisfying .
But I 'm in a different direction .
In the time it 's left , I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising .
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental .
<unk> sometimes take some aspects of the universe as a fundamental brick : space , time and mass .
<unk> fundamental laws that govern them , like gravity laws or quantum mechanics .
These basic laws and properties are not explaining in terms of any more basic .
Instead , they look very fundamental , and that 's where the world is built .
Sometimes the list of the fundamental <unk> .
In the 19th century Maxwell discovered that you ca n't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts , space , time , mass , Newton 's laws , and then applied the basic laws of electromagnetism , and applied the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern .
I think that 's the situation that we found ourselves with consciousness .
If you ca n't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas , space , time , mass , load it , then for a matter of logic , you have to <unk> the list .
The other thing is to provide consciousness as a fundamental thing , a fundamental brick of nature .
This does n't mean that suddenly is not the object of science .
It opens the way to scientifically handle it .
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness , the laws that connect awareness to other fundamental concepts : space , time , mass , mass processes , physical processes .
The physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we can afford them in a <unk> .
The situation of consciousness is something like this .
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can download them in a shirt .
We do n't know what laws they are , but that 's what we 're looking for .
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal .
Every system can have a degree of consciousness .
This vision is sometimes called <unk> : `` Pan '' for the mind , `` Pan '' for mind , every system is conscious , not only humans , dogs , mice , flies , even the microbes of Rob alone , the elementary particles .
Even a photon has some degree of consciousness .
The idea is not that photons are smart or thinking .
It 's not that a photon can be full of heartbreak when you think , `` Oh , always traveling at the speed of light .
I can never slow down and smell the roses . ''
No , no .
But thinking is that maybe photons can have some element of raw <unk> , subjective sense , some primitive precursor to consciousness .
This may sound a little bit crazy for you .
How did anyone think so crazy ?
And part of this comes from the first crazy idea , that consciousness is a fundamental thing .
If it 's fundamental , like space , time and mass , it 's natural to assume that it can also be universal , just like others .
It 's also worth noticing that although the idea is <unk> , it 's much less for the people of different cultures , where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature .
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way of finding fundamental laws that make thinking with the physical process , is <unk> awareness with information .
Whenever you have information processing , there is consciousness .
<unk> of <unk> , as in a human being , complex consciousness .
<unk> information , simple consciousness .
Something very exciting is that in recent years , a neuroscientist , <unk> <unk> , took this kind of theory , and I developed them rigorously with mathematical methods .
It has a mathematical measure of information integration , which is called <unk> , which measures the degree of integrated information into a system .
And it 's supposed to be able to do with consciousness .
So in a human brain , there 's an incredible degree of information integration , a high degree of <unk> , a lot of consciousness .
In a mouse , there is a very significant degree of information integration , just as significant , very important to really important consciousness .
But when you get to the worms , microbes , particles , the degree of <unk> <unk> .
The level integration level is lower , but it 's not zero either .
In <unk> theory , there 's still a different level of consciousness from zero .
In fact providing a fundamental law of consciousness , high grade , high grade of consciousness .
Moreover , another reason is that <unk> can help us integrate the awareness to the physical world .
The physicists and philosophers have often observed that physics is curiously abstract .
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations , but we do n't talk about the reality underlying it .
As Stephen Hawking explains , `` Where is the fire of the equations ? ''
From vision , the equations of physics can be done as they are , but you can use to describe the flow of consciousness .
That 's what physicists are basically described , describe the flow of consciousness .
According to this vision , consciousness is the one that puts on fire in the equations .
In that vision , consciousness is not outside of the physical world as an additive species .
It 's right there at the center .
This vision , I think , <unk> vision , has the potential to take our relationship to nature , and can have a fairly serious social consequences .
Some of them can be <unk> .
I used to think that I should n't eat anything that had consciousness , then I had to be a vegetarian .
If you 're a <unk> and you take that vision , you 'll get a lot of hunger .
I think thinking about it , this tends to transform your visions , whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral level , is not both the fact of consciousness , but its importance and complexity .
It 's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems , like computers .
What about the artificial intelligence system from Samantha <unk> in the movie `` <unk> . ''
Is it conscious ?
According to the view of <unk> information , she has a complicated information processing , integrated , so the answer is yes , if that 's conscious .
If this is right , there are pretty serious ethical problems about the development of the development of intelligent computers and the <unk> ethic .
Finally , you can ask the awareness of the whole collective collective , the planet .
Canada you have their own consciousness ?
Or a more local level , an integrated group , like the audience at a TED Talk . Right now , we have a TED collective consciousness , an internal movie for this whole entire TED group , different from the inner movies in each other from the parts ?
I do n't know the answer to that question , but I think at least a question you have to take seriously .
So this <unk> view , it 's a radical vision , and I do n't know if it 's correct .
I 'm actually safer than the first crazy idea , that consciousness is a fundamental thing , than the second one , which is universal .
Now vision raises a lot of questions , many challenges , like , how little bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and we love .
If we can answer those questions , then I think we 're going on the right path to a theory of serious consciousness .
If not , well , this is probably the most difficult problem of science and philosophy .
We ca n't wait to solve it overnight .
But I think we finally will find it .
Understanding is the real key , I think , to understand the universe and to understand ourselves .
Maybe we just need the crazy idea .
Thank you .
I grew up in a little rural village in Victoria .
He had a very normal profile , a low education profile .
I went to school , I teamed up with my friends , I 'm stuck with my younger sisters .
It was all very normal .
And when I was 15 years old , a member of my community came to my parents up to my parents , because I wanted to tell you for a community reward .
And my parents said , `` Well , that 's very nice , but there 's an obvious problem .
She 's actually not done anything . '' And they were right .
I went to school , and I had good grades . After school , I had a low profile on my mother 's <unk> , and spent a lot of time looking at the `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> '' and `` <unk> 's Creek . ''
Yeah , I know . What contradiction .
But they were right .
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all .
Nothing that can be considered as an achievement if we take the disability out of the equation .
Years later , I was at the second part of the teaching of a high school in Melbourne , so only after 20 minutes in the 11th class of studies , a guy raised his hand and said , `` Hey , when will your speech your speech ? ''
And I said , `` What are the speech ? ''
Well , I 'd been talking about the law of defamation for a few good minutes .
And he said , `` You know , your motivational speech .
When people in chairs of wheels , they talk about things going to school ? ''
`` Usually in the stock room . ''
And that 's when I realized , this kid had had experiences with disabilities as disabilities as an inspirational object .
And we 're not . And it 's not the fault of the boy , so that 's true for many of us .
For us , people with disabilities are not our teachers or our doctors or our <unk> .
We 're not real people . We 're there to inspire .
And in fact , I 'm on this stage , I 'm going to show you what I do in this wheelchair , and you 're probably waiting to inspire you . Right ? Yes .
Well , ladies and gentlemen , I 'm afraid I 'm afraid I 'm looking at it .
I 'm not here for <unk> .
I 'm here to tell you that they 've lied to us in relation to disability .
Yes , they have sold us the lie that disability is a bad thing , a capital capital .
It 's a bad thing and living with a disability makes you remarkable .
It 's not a bad thing , and it ca n't make you remarkable .
And over the last few years , we 've been able to spread even more this lie through social media .
You might have seen images like this : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one : `` Your excuse is <unk> . '' In effect .
Or this one : `` Before I abandon , <unk> ! ''
These are just a couple of examples , but there 's a lot of them .
You might have seen one , from the girl without the hands of a <unk> in the mouth .
You may have seen a child who runs with carbon fiber legs .
And there 's a lot of these images that are what we call porn inspiration .
And I use the term porn term , because I 'm using a group of people for the benefit of another group of people .
So in this case , we were going to define the disabled for the benefit of people without disability .
The purpose of these images is to inspire them , to motivate them , so that we can see them and think , `` Well , for very bad , it 's my life , it could be worse .
I could be that person . ''
But if you 're that person ?
I lost the account of the number of times I 've lost the number of times I 've been able to refer to strangers to express that I 'm brave or an inspiration source , and this was going to happen before my job had a public profile .
It was as if I got bored by the morning and remember my own name . And this is <unk> .
These images , those images attached to people with cognitive disabilities in the benefit of people without disability .
They 're there so you can see them and think that things are n't so bad for you , or to put your concerns in perspective .
And life as a disabled person is actually a hard thing .
Let 's get some things .
But the things we do n't have are the things that you might think .
They are not relative to our bodies .
I use the term `` severe people , '' deliberately because I became aware of called the social model of disability , which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live in because of our bodies or diagnostics .
So I 've lived in this body for a long time .
I 'm very upset with him .
I need the things that I need to do , and I 've learned to pull the best of your capacity as well as you do it , and that 's what happens to the children of those pictures as well .
They 're not doing anything outside the common .
They 're just using their bodies the best of their ability .
So , is it really fair to outsource in the way we do , by sharing those images ?
When people say , `` You 're an inspiration source , '' he says it like a compliment .
And I know why it happens .
It 's because of the lie , because they have sold us this lie that disability makes us remarkable .
And honestly , it does n't .
And I know what they 're thinking .
I 'm here for the inspiration , and you think , `` My God , <unk> , are you sometimes inspired by something ? ''
And actually , I know I am .
I learn from other people with disabilities at all .
However , I do n't learn that I 'm more lucky than that .
Now , I learn this is a great idea to use some charm of barbecue to pick up the things that they fall away , I learn the ingenious trick of how to charge the mobile phone on the chair battery .
Great .
We learn from the force and resistance of others , not against our bodies and diagnostics , but a world that <unk> and <unk> .
I really believe that that lie that has been sold us about disability is the greatest injustice .
It makes us hard life .
And that quote : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude , '' the reason that that 's lying is because it 's not true , because of the social model of disability .
A lot of smiles at a range of stairs has never done to become a ramp .
Never . Let 's have a television screen not going to show the subtitles for the deaf people .
Nor did a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore , and predict a positive attitude , turning all those books to braille .
It 's simply not going to happen .
I want to really live in a world where disability is no exception , but the norm .
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl , sitting in his bedroom watching `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> '' is not considered <unk> from anything to be on a chair .
I want to live in a world where we do n't have so low expectations of the people with disability that we 're going to get out of bed and to remember our names in the morning .
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disabilities , and I want to live in a world where I was at 11 grade school in Melbourne 's high school , not a little surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair .
Disability does n't make us remarkable , but to question what you believe to know about it , it does .
Thank you .
What do you have to do augmented reality and professional football , with empathy ?
And what is the average speed of a swallow <unk> ?
Unfortunately , today we 'll just answer one of those questions , so please do n't get distracted .
When people think of augmented reality , they think of `` Minority Report '' and Tom Cruise <unk> the hands in the air , but augmented reality is not science fiction .
Augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it , and people need to know it , because augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones .
So how do we get to augmented reality ?
The first step , it 's what I 'm wearing : Google Glass glasses .
I 'm sure many of you are familiar with them .
What you might not know is that Google Glass are a device that lets you see what I see .
They will allow them to experience what 's being a professional athlete in the field .
Right now , the only way you 're going to be in the field is that I try to <unk> them .
I have to use words .
I have to create a framework that you fill with your imagination .
We can use Google Glass , under a helmet and knowing what 's running for the $ 100 miles an hour , blood beating your ears .
We can know that it feels like an 110 lbs man , and you 're trying to get it through it .
I 've been there and I assure you that 's not nice .
And I 'm going to give you some videos to show you what is to use Google Glass under the helmet , and give you an idea of that .
Unfortunately , it 's not images of the NFL practice , because the idea of the NFL technology is a submarine going up to the surface , but we do what we can .
So let 's look at a video .
Chris <unk> : Come on .
It 's horrible to be <unk> .
A moment . Give it a little bit .
Are you ready ?
Go !
Chris <unk> : As you can see , it 's a <unk> of what is to be <unk> in the football field , from the perspective of <unk> .
You may have realized that you need people , the rest of the equipment .
We have a video of them , <unk> from the University of Washington .
<unk> of field : mice 54 ! Nice 54 .
Blue 8 , Blue 8 ! Come on !
Chris <unk> : This is a little bit more about feeling being in the field , but it has nothing to do with being in NFL .
The fans want that experience .
The fans want to be in the field , to be their favorite players , and they 've asked me on YouTube and on Twitter , `` You can see it from the angle of a field <unk> .
or a corridor ?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with <unk> and Google Glass , how do we get it , and how do we get it to the next level ?
We took it to that level using something called the Rift Telescope , which surely many people already know .
The Great Rift device has ever been described as the most realistic virtual reality device ever created , and it 's not cheap .
And I 'm going to show you why , with this video .
Man : Oh , oh !
No , no , no , no ! I do n't want to keep playing ! No !
Oh , my God ! Ah !
CK : That 's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain to be able to avoid his life .
What 's the experience of a fan when you had a video of Adrian <unk> across the line , pulling the line out of a <unk> with the arm before running an notation ? What will be the experience of a fan .
So when I could be able to run through the court , putting the ball down into the bottom of the network , or <unk> doing a Wimbledon shot ?
What will your experience be when it goes down a mountain to more than 100 miles an hour like a Olympic skier ?
Maybe you 're going to get their diapers ' sales to adults .
But this is not even augmented reality .
It 's just virtual reality , <unk> .
How can we get augmented reality ?
<unk> reality augmented reality when coaches , <unk> and owners to see the information that people want to see and think , `` How do we use this to improve our teams ?
How do we use it to win games ? ''
Because they always use technology to win .
They like to win . They 're money .
So , here 's a brief refresher on the NFL in NFL .
In 1965 , the Baltimore <unk> put a <unk> to their field <unk> so they play faster .
They won the Super Bowl that year .
Other teams decided to imitate them .
More people saw the game because it was more exciting , faster .
In 1994 , the NFL placed radios on the <unk> of the countryside , and then in the defenses .
They had more viewers because it was faster , more fun .
In <unk> , imagine that you 're a player coming back to your group , and you see your next move shown in front of you , in a plastic bombsight that you 've put on . You wo n't have to worry about forgetting a hand .
Or by memorize the strategy .
They just go out to the field and react .
And the coaches want it because if they do n't follow their instructions , they lose parties , and they hate to lose parties .
If you lose parties like a coach .
And they do n't want that .
But augmented reality is not just a better job manual .
Augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the game .
How would it do ?
Well , a very simple option would be a camera in every corner of the stadium having a view from the top of the people on the bottom .
You also get information from the headset and <unk> , something that 's already working on .
All of that information is sent to your players .
Good teams will be sent .
The bad guys will get information overload .
This is going to make good teams of bad guys .
So your computer team will be as important as your scouts , and data analysis will stop being only for nerds .
I 'll be also for athletes , who would have imagined ?
How would it be in the field ?
Imagine that it 's the <unk> field .
It 's <unk> the ball and <unk> .
<unk> an open receptor . Suddenly a flashlight on the left side of your bombsight will remind you that a defense behind you is going to <unk> . Normally , you do n't see it , but the <unk> system will tell you .
It 's going to take the area of protection .
Another flashlight <unk> you there 's an open receptor .
Take the ball , but you 'll get breaking down .
And it loses the trajectory .
You do n't know where to land , though , the receiver sees in his bombsight an area of grass that lights up and can change the race .
You zoom in , he takes the ball and runs and record .
The public goes crazy and fans have followed all the way from every angle .
This is something to create massive emotion in the game .
I 'm going to make lots of people see it , because people want to live that experience .
The fans want to be in the field .
They want to be your favorite player .
Augmented reality will be part of the sport , because it 's too profitable for not to be .
But what I ask you is , we want this to be the only use of augmented reality ?
Are we going to use it only as bread and circus , like our usual entertainment ?
Because I think we can use it for something else .
I think we can use augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings , to show someone how it is , literally , to be in another person 's place .
We know what this technology is worth for <unk> .
It generates billions of revenue to a year .
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show you how damaging are their actions from the perspective of the victim ?
How much is this technology for a gay person in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how is it being haunted by ?
How much is it going to be like , also , for a sculpture , or an Neil <unk> Society trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of <unk> notes and <unk> ?
Ladies and gentlemen , reality augmented reality about .
The questions we do , the decisions we take and the challenges that we face , they depend , as usual , of us .
Thank you .
I was recently removed after 23 years of service in the <unk> California <unk> .
Most of those 23 years , I spent the southern tip of <unk> County , which includes the Golden Gate Bridge .
The bridge is an iconic structure , which is known for its beautiful views of San Francisco , the Pacific Ocean , and its architectural style .
Unfortunately , it 's also a magnet for suicide , being one of the most used places in the world .
The Golden Gate Bridge was open in 1937 .
Joseph Strauss , engineer chief manager to build the bridge , said that , `` The bridge is pretty much to proof of suicide .
Women from the bridge is not practical or practical .
But from their openness , more of 1,600 people have jumped to death from that bridge .
Some people think that travel between the two towers to take another dimension , this bridge has become idealized as such , so that each of us from it all of your concerns and pain frees up with all your concerns and pain , and the waters that pass underneath your soul .
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide .
After a drop of four to five seconds , the body contributes to the water about 120 miles an hour .
The impact breaks the bones , some of which <unk> are vital organs .
Most of them die in the impact .
Those who do n't , usually they 're going to be thrown in the water , helpless and they are drowned .
I do n't think that those of us who are going to kill this suicide method , you realize the death penalty that they 'll face .
This is the wire .
Except around the two towers , there are 32 inches of parallel steel to the bridge .
So here is where most people have come to before they get their lives .
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that boundary , and at the darker moment , it 's very hard to bring you back .
I took this picture last year , while this man was talking to an official looking at his life .
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day to bring it back on the railing .
When I started working on the bridge , we did n't have any formal training .
They were <unk> to channel the path through these calls .
This was not just a bad service to those who were pregnant , but the officers also .
We 've come a long way since then .
Today , veterans veterans and psychologists train new officials .
This is Jason <unk> .
I met him on July 22 last year by receiving a so-called suicide subject sitting on the cords near the center .
<unk> , and when I arrived , I looked at Jason speaking with a Golden Gate Bridge officer .
Jason was only 32 years old , and I 'd flown up to here from New Jersey .
In fact , I 'd flown up to two times before New Jersey to try to commit suicide from this bridge .
After about an hour , talking to Jason , we were asked if we knew the history of Pandora 's box .
<unk> the Greek mythology , <unk> created Pandora , and he sent himself to the Earth with a box , and he said , `` Never , never open that box . ''
Well , one day , curiosity could be Pandora , and she opened the box .
And she came out of pests , sorrows , and all kinds of evil against man .
The only good thing in the box was hope .
So , Jason asked us , `` What if you open the box and there is no hope ? ''
He stopped a few moments , he leaned on on the right , and it was .
This kind of kind , smart guy in New Jersey , had just taken off her life .
I spoke to the parents of Jason that night , and I guess when I was talking to them , it did n't seem to be ringing very well , because the next day , the rabbi of the family called me to see how he was .
The parents of Jason had been asked .
<unk> damage affect a lot of people .
I 'm asking you these questions : What would you do if a member of your family , a friend or someone loved outside suicide ?
What would you say ?
What do you say ?
In my experience , you do n't just talk , but you have to listen .
Listening to understand .
Not <unk> , <unk> , or tell the person you know how it feels , because you probably wo n't know it .
I 'm just there , you can be the turning point you need .
If you think that someone is suicide , you 're not afraid of <unk> and ask the question .
One way to ask you the question is , `` Others in similar circumstances have thought about finishing your life ; you 've had these thoughts ? ''
They were going to save the person in front of it can save the life and be the turning point for them .
Other signs look : despair , believe that things are terrible , and they 're never going to get better , and they 're never going to get better , and you can believe that there 's nothing you can do about it -- recent social isolation , and a loss of interest in life .
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago , and I got an email from a lady , and I 'd like to read you your letter .
She lost his son the 19th of January this year , and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago , and it 's with his permission and blessing that I read it .
`` Hi , Kevin . I guess you 're at the TED conference .
It must be a whole experience there .
I 'm thinking I should go foot to the bridge this weekend .
I just wanted to leave you a note .
I hope you can tell a lot of people , and go home talking about it to your friends who tell their friends , etc .
I 'm still quite numb , but noticing more moments to really realize that Mike wo n't go home .
Mike was driving from <unk> to San Francisco to see the shot of his 49 father on January 19 .
It never came there .
I knocked on the police of <unk> and reported it like disappeared that night .
The next morning , two officers came to my house and reported that Mike 's car was down on the bridge .
A witness I 'd seen it jump from the bridge to the <unk> of the day before .
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves .
Who has n't been before bad without having a true mental illness ?
It should n't be that easy to end with it .
My prayers are with you for your fight .
The <unk> , the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay , not a cemetery .
Good luck for this week , <unk> . ''
I ca n't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and walk the way that his son took that day , and also the courage to go ahead .
I 'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value .
On March 11 , 2005 , I said a call from radio by a potential subject for a suicide sidewalk on the sidewalk near the north tower .
I led my bike on the sidewalk and watched this man , Kevin <unk> , standing on the sidewalk .
When he saw me , he crossed the railing immediately , and stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower .
And for the hour and a half , I heard as Kevin talked about her depression and despair .
Kevin decided for his own day to go back on that lane , and give him a life another opportunity .
When Kevin came back , he <unk> it .
`` This is a new beginning , a new life . ''
But I asked him , `` What was it that did you go back and gave him the hope , and the life of another opportunity ? ''
And you know what he told me ?
He said , `` I heard .
You leave me talking , and you just heard . ''
Shortly after that incident , I got a letter from the mother of Kevin , and I have that letter with me , and I 'd like to plug it up .
`` Dear Sir , I did n't erase the 11 of the 11th , and you 're one of the reasons why Kevin 's on us .
Honestly , I think Kevin was <unk> .
It 's been diagnosed with a mental illness that has been properly <unk> .
She took Kevin to Kevin when I was only six months , completely unconscious of all of those traits we got , but thank God , we now know it .
Kevin is in order , like it says .
We thank God for you .
<unk> in debt with you , <unk> <unk> . ''
And at the end of her , she writes , `` <unk> , '' when I visited the General <unk> Hospital that night , you were like the patient .
`` Well I had to solve it ! ''
Today , Kevin is a loving father and a member of society .
It talks openly about the events of that day and their depression with the hope that their story to inspire others .
suicide is not just something I 've found myself at work .
It 's personal .
My grandfather killed him with poison .
That act , despite finishing his own pain , give me a chance to meet me .
This is what the suicide does .
For most of the suicide people , or those who consider suicide , they would n't think about hurting someone else .
They just want their own pain over .
Usually this is achieved by three ways : sleep , drugs or alcohol , or death .
In my career , I have answered , and I 've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and calls from suicide around the bridge .
Of those incidents I 've been directly involved , I 've only lost two , but those two are too much .
One was Jason .
The other one was a man who told him about an hour .
And for that time , I was amputated at three times .
In the end hand , I looked at me , and he said , `` Kevin , I 'm sorry , but I have to go . ''
And I jumped out .
Awful , absolutely horrible .
I want to tell you , though , that the vast majority of the people we get to contact on that bridge does n't kill themselves .
In addition , these few who have jumped from the bridge and lived , and you can talk about it , that one or two percent , most of those people have said that the second they leave side the railing realized they had made a mistake and they wanted to live .
I tell people , the bridge does n't just connect to <unk> in San Francisco , but also people .
That connection , or bridge that we do , is something that everyone and every one of us must do is we need to work with .
suicide can be prevented .
There 's help . There is hope .
Thank you very much .
The world makes you be what you 're not , but inside you know what you are , and a question mark you , and how do you become that ?
I have to be something unique in that sense , but I 'm not alone , no way I 'm alone .
When I became a model I had finally gotten the dream I had since a little girl .
My outside , I finally would end with my inner truth , with my inner self .
For complicated reasons , I 'm going to go over later , when I look at this picture , I think , <unk> , you got it , you got it .
But last October , I discovered that I 'm barely starting .
We all became our families , our religion , our society , our moment in history , even our bodies .
Some of them have the value of free , to get rid of the limitations of the color of the skin or the beliefs of those around us .
They are people who are always challenging the status quo , which is considered to be accepted .
In my case , the last nine years , many of my neighbors , a lot of my friends , my <unk> agent , ignored my story .
I think this puzzle is called a revelation .
This is mine .
They recorded me as `` kid '' at birth because of the appearance of my genitals .
I remember my five years in the Philippines , in my house , I always wore this shirt in my head .
And my mom asked me , `` Why are you always taking that shirt into your head ? ''
I said , `` Mom , it 's my hair . I 'm a girl . ''
I knew then how to fix it .
The gender has always been considered an unchanging basis , but now we know that , in fact , it 's something more complex and mysterious .
Because of my success , I 'm never going to give you my story to share my story , not because I thought to be what I 'm wrong , but how the world is trying to be free .
Every day I appreciate being a woman .
I have a mom , dad , and a family who takes me on as I am .
Many are not so lucky .
There 's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender .
There is a Buddhist goddess of compassion .
There 's a Indian goddess , goddess of <unk> .
And when I was eight , I was at a party in the Philippines of the Philippines of these mysteries .
I was standing in front of the stage , and I remember this beautiful woman came up to me , and I remember that moment as if something happened to me : This is the kind of woman I 'd like to be .
And when I was 15 years old , when I was still wearing man , I met this woman called <unk> .
It 's the principal of a transgender beauty contest .
That night she asked me , `` Why do n't you participate in the beauty pageant ? ''
He told me that if she <unk> her from expenses ' fees and costume , and that night I won in a bathroom suit , he won a <unk> suit , and he got a third finalist over 40 candidates .
That moment changed my life .
Suddenly , it was within the world of beauty .
Not a lot of people can say that their first work was naturally transgender women , but I can .
I also met the goddess of <unk> , especially when we traveled to the remote provinces of the Philippines .
But more importantly , I met my best friends in that community .
In 2001 , my mom , who had moved to San Francisco , called me and told me that they approved my request for the green card that I could go to live to the United States .
I stood up .
I told my mother , `` Mommy , I 'm having fun .
I 'm here with friends , I like to travel and be a queen queen . ''
But then , two weeks later , he called me and said , `` You know , if you 're silent , you can change the name and the identity of gender ? ''
It was all I needed to hear .
My mom suggested to me that I put two `` and '' to my name .
She was also accompanied by me when I was surgery in Thailand at 19 .
It 's curious that in some of the most rural cities of Thailand do the most <unk> and safe surgeries .
In that time in the United States , it was necessary to be done before the name of the name and the gender .
So , in 2001 , I went to San Francisco , and I remember looking at the driving license with the name of <unk> and the `` F , '' female gender license .
It was a great moment .
For some people , their identity document means power to drive or be able to get a drink , but for me it was license to live , to feel worthy .
Suddenly , my fears saw <unk> .
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York , and to be model .
Many are not so lucky .
I think of this woman by <unk> <unk> <unk> .
A young woman in New York who followed his truth , but he <unk> , he put her life back .
For many of my community , that 's the reality that they live .
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population .
All the 20 of November we do a global wake for <unk> <unk> .
I 'm on this stage , thanks to a long story of people who would argue and stood up to injustice .
These are Marsha P. Johnson and Sylvia <unk> .
Today , right now , I 'm coming out of the closet .
I ca n't keep living my truth alone and just for me .
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame , and fear .
I 'm here , <unk> , so that one day there 's no longer <unk> than 20 of November .
My deeper truth led me to accept what I am .
Do you do it ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you , thank you , thank you . Kathryn Schulz : <unk> , a quick question .
<unk> <unk> : Sure . You see , thank you for all my blessings .
To my support network , my parents , especially my family , who is very strong .
I remember all the times I 've been to <unk> young women , who I 've waited , and sometimes when they called me and told me that their parents could n't accept it . I took the phone , he would call my mom and said , `` Mommy , can you call this woman ? ''
Sometimes it worked , others not . It 's just gender identity , that 's what is at the heart of what we are , right ?
I mean , we were all assigned a gender at birth , and what I 'm trying to do is put a gender at birth , and what I 'm trying to do is put out on the table that sometimes that task was n't going to allow people to <unk> , and this is a conversation we should have with parents , with colleagues .
The transgender movement is <unk> compared to the gay movement .
There 's still a lot of work on doing .
I should have understanding .
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions , and I hope that all of you are my allies .
KS : Thank you . Very nice . <unk> : Thank you .
In many domains and tribal societies , parents often meet their children , but I 'm one of the few parents who are known for her daughter , and I 'm proud of it .
<unk> started his campaign for education defending his rights in 2007 , and when his efforts went to her efforts in 2011 , the <unk> National Peace Prize became very famous , a very popular girl in his country .
Before that , I was my daughter , but now I 'm his father .
Ladies and gentlemen , if you take a look at the history of humanity , the story of women is the story of injustice , of inequality , of violence and exploitation .
You see , in patriarchal societies , right from the beginning , when at birth a girl , their birth is not celebrates .
It 's not welcome , nor for his father , not by his mother .
The neighborhood comes , day his <unk> to the mother , and no one would get the father .
And a mother gets really excited by having a girl .
When gives birth to the first child , the first child , he gets sad .
When she gives birth to the second daughter , she gets married , and with the hope of a son , when she shines his third daughter , he feels guilty as a criminal .
Not only the mother suffers , but the daughter , the newborn daughter , when it grows , it suffers too .
At the age of five , when I should go to school , you get home and school admits of her brothers .
At age 12 , somehow , he has a good life .
You can have fun .
You can play with your friends on the street , and it can move through the streets as a butterfly .
But when you go into adolescence , when he 's 13 years old , he 's told me coming out of their house without a male driver .
It 's confined to the four walls of their house .
It 's no longer an free person .
It becomes the honor of his father and her brothers and his family , and if I was to <unk> the code of that honor of honor , I could even kill .
And it 's interesting that this <unk> of honor , not only does it affect the life of a girl , it also affects the life of male male members .
So this brother , <unk> the joy of their life and the happiness of their sisters in name of honor .
And there is a more standard of patriarchal societies called obedience .
A good girl is supposed to be very quiet , very humble and very <unk> .
It is criteria .
The model of a good girl must be <unk> .
It 's supposed to be silent , and who accepts their father 's decisions and their mother 's decisions , even if they do n't want .
If I marry a man who does n't like it or marry an old man , he has to embrace it , because it does n't want to be <unk> .
If the marry very young marry , it has to embrace it .
Otherwise , <unk> <unk> .
And what happens at the end ?
In words of a poet , `` Yes , marry , '' and then gives birth to more children and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother , he claimed the same lesson of obedience to his daughter and the same honor for his children .
And this vicious circle continues and continues .
<unk> brothers and sisters , when they were born <unk> , and for the first time , believe me , I do n't like newborns , to be honest , but when I was there and looked at her eyes , believe me , I was incredibly honored .
And so much before I was born , I thought of his name , and I was fascinated by a feisty legendary <unk> of freedom in Afghanistan .
His name was <unk> of <unk> , and he called my daughter like this for her .
But when I looked at it , they were all men , and I grabbed my pen , and I 'll give you a line of my name , and I wrote , `` <unk> . ''
And when she grew up , when she was four and a half and a half and a half and a half years old , I was <unk> in my school .
You may ask , why should I mention a kid in a school ?
Yes , I must mention .
You can take it for granted in Canada , in the United States , in many countries developed , but in the poor countries , in patriarchal societies , in tribal societies , it 's a great event for the child 's life .
<unk> in a school means the recognition of his identity and his name .
One admission to school means that it 's entered the world of dreams and aspirations where it can explore their potential for its future life .
I 've got five sisters , and none of them could go to school , and they 'd be surprised , two weeks before , when I went out of the form of a Canadian visa , and I was in the relative part of the family , I could n't remember the family 's family members of some of my sisters .
And the reason was I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document .
That was why I value my daughter .
What my father could not give my sisters nor his daughters , I thought I had to change it .
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the <unk> of my daughter .
So , I 'll sit down with me when my friends came to see me .
He encouraged me to go with me to different meetings .
And all of these values , I 've tried to <unk> them in their personality .
And this was not just for her , just for <unk> .
I 've taken all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike .
He used the education for the emancipation .
He taught my daughters , he taught students , to forget the lesson of compliance .
I taught students to forget the lesson to forget the lesson .
<unk> brothers and sisters , we fought for more rights for women , and we were fighting to have more and more space for women in society .
But we found out with a new phenomenon .
It was lethal for human rights , and in particular , for women 's rights .
It was called <unk> .
That means a complete denial of the participation of women in all political and economic and social activities .
Hundreds of schools were lost .
Little girls are banned to school .
Women were forced to use <unk> , and they stopped going to markets .
The musicians were silenced , the <unk> girls and the singers killed .
It 's <unk> million , but a few they talked , and it was terrifying to have all those people who kill , and let them find when you talk for their rights .
It 's really frightening .
At the age of 10 , <unk> got up and got up for the right to education .
He wrote a newspaper blog for the BBC blog , offered herself for the New York Times documentaries , and I spoke on every platform that he could .
And his voice was the most powerful voice .
It 's <unk> as a <unk> around the world .
And that was the reason why the Taliban could not tolerate his campaign and October 9th of 2012 , they fired him in the head .
It was a day <unk> for my family and me .
The world became a big black hole .
Whereas my daughter was <unk> between life and death , whispered into the ear of my wife , `` I should blame me for what happened to my daughter , your daughter ? ''
And he said , `` Please , you wo n't get bored .
Let 's get a fair cause .
<unk> your life in play because of the truth of peace , and because of the cause of education , and your daughter was inspired by you and she joined you .
They were both on the right path and God protect protect . ''
And so these few words were going to take a lot to me , and I did n't go back to ask again .
When I was standing in the hospital , and I had severe pain pains , because his facial nerve was cut , I used to see a dark shadow that was <unk> by my wife 's face .
But my daughter never complained .
I used to tell us , `` I 'm okay with my smile , we would hear it in my face .
I 'm going to get good . Please do n't worry . ''
It was a comfort for us , and we got bored .
<unk> brothers and sisters , we 've learned from it how to resist the moments harder , and I 'm happy to share with you that even though it 's an icon for children 's rights and women , it 's like any 16-year-old girl .
He cries out when his homework ends .
They fight with her siblings , and I 'm very happy about that .
People ask me , `` What is special about my mentor who has made so bold and so brave , expressive and <unk> ? ''
I 'm telling you , do n't ask me what I did .
I did n't know what I did .
I did n't cut your wings , and that 's all .
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you .
I was <unk> from the brain 18 years ago , and from that day , the science of the brain has become a personal passion .
I 'm engineering .
And I want to tell you that I 've recently joined the <unk> group , and I want to tell you that I 've had a <unk> in my office -- the <unk> of Google <unk> , but all the work I 'm going to talk about today about the science of the brain , I did it before I joined Google or outside of my work there .
So having said this , there is a stigma when you get into a brain operation .
Are you still being smart or not ?
Does you not be like that , will you be smart ?
After neurosurgery , I was missing a part of the brain , and I had to live with it .
It was n't gray matter , but it was the dead sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters .
Immediately after the operation , I had to decide how much to take , more than a dozen chemicals every day , because if I did n't take anything , I would die in a few hours .
Every day , for the last 18 years , I 've had to decide about the combinations and mix of chemicals , and try to get them , to follow with life .
More than I 've been saved by a little bit .
But luckily , I 've got a soul soul , so I decided to do it to try to get the dose to be able to get the dose to be able to get the dose out , because it does n't really exist a clear map that says it in <unk> .
I started testing with different mixes , and I was amazed when I saw how small changes in the dose would change my <unk> , my sense of who I was , my way of thinking , my behavior with others .
A particularly impressive case , for a few months , I had a dose and a few typical doses and chemicals for an early 20s , and I was surprised when I saw my thoughts changed .
I was always angry , I thought all the time in sex , and I thought I was the smartest person to all the world , and -- of course , many times in the past I 've met several guys like this , or maybe some <unk> versions of it .
It turned out as an extreme .
But my big surprise was that I was n't trying to be arrogant .
In fact , I was trying , kind of insecure , fixing a problem that I had in front of , and it just does n't happen .
So , I could n't handle it .
I changed my dose .
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation of men and what they have to go through , and since then I 'm getting better with men .
What I was trying to do is to get those hormones and neurotransmitters , and so on , it was to recover my intelligence after disease and operation -- my creative thinking , my flow of ideas .
I 'm looking at almost always in images , and that became my point of key reference : how I can get those mental images that I use to create <unk> , my ideas , if you want to do it , new ideas and <unk> situations .
This kind of thoughts is not new .
<unk> like Hume , Descartes , and Hobbes to see things similar .
They thought the images and the mental ideas were the same thing .
So today , there are those who challenge this idea , and there are a lot of discussions about how the mind works . For me it 's simple : for most of us , the mental images are fundamental to the <unk> and inventive thinking .
So , after several years , I 'll find the point right now , and I have lots of great mental workload , really <unk> , well sophisticated and well structured .
Now , I 'm working on how to really quickly do these mental images , from my mind to the computer screen .
Can you imagine what would happen if a filmmaker would be able to use their imagination just to steer the world in front of us ?
Or if a musician could take the music from his head ?
There are incredible possibilities with this , as the way that creative people can share at the speed of light .
And the truth is , the only difficulty to do this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems .
So let me show you why I think we 're pretty close to this with two recent experiments that were made by two groups that are made in neuroscience .
They were both using MRI technology , image of functional MRI , to represent the brain , and you can see the brain scan done by <unk> <unk> and his colleagues at Harvard .
The column on the left is the scanning of the brain scanning to a picture .
The medium column shows the brain scanning of the same individual while I imagined , looking at that same image .
The column on the right was created <unk> the contents of the central column on the left , and it 's seen that the difference is almost zero-sum .
This <unk> in many different individuals with many different images , always with a similar outcome .
The difference between seeing an image and imagining that same image is almost zero-sum .
Now , let me share with you another experiment . This is from the laboratory of Jack <unk> in Berkeley , California .
They were able to convert brain waves in the capricious visual fields .
Let 's put it in this way .
In this experiment , it was shown to people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos , as they were monitoring their brains to create a very large pool of the brain at the video sequences .
Then , I showed you a film with new pictures , new people , new animals , and as long as a new scan .
The computer , using just the brain information of the scan , I 'll show you what it seemed like the person was watching .
On the right you can see the inference of the computer , and on the left , the video I showed you .
This blew us up .
We 're pretty close to that .
We just need to improve the resolution .
And now remember , when you look at an image , and when you imagine that same image , you create the same map .
This took place with the brain scanning systems available today , and its resolution increased as a thousand times over the last few years .
Now we need to increase the resolution of a thousand times more to get a deeper look .
How did we do that ?
There are a lot of techniques to do that .
One is opening up the skull and introduce electrodes .
I do n't offer me for that .
A lot of people are proposing new projection techniques , even me . Tell us with the recent outcome of MRI , first we have to ask ourselves the following , this technology will be the end of the way ?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get more resolution is with larger magnets , but at this point , more <unk> magnets only offer little improvements in resolution , not for thousands as we need .
I propose this idea : instead of magnets bigger , let 's make better magnets .
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different arrangements , like doing a <unk> .
And why does this matter ?
In the last few years , a lot of effort in MRI were to make really big magnets , right ?
However , most advances in recent advances in <unk> and brilliant solutions to coding and <unk> , in the transmitters and receptors of FM frequency in the MRI systems .
At once of a uniform magnetic field , instead of a uniform magnetic field , we use neural patterns in the FM frequencies .
So when we combine the magnetic patterns with the FM patterns of FM and FM patterns , we can increase the information that you can extract in a single scan .
In addition , we can then divide into layers of our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and memory to create the increase in the thousands we need .
By using the fMRI , we should be able to measure not only the blood fluid , but the hormones and the <unk> that I mentioned , and perhaps even the neural activity . This is sleep .
We 're going to be able to put our ideas directly into digital media .
Can you imagine if we could move above language and communicate directly through thinking ?
What would we be able to ?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of the human thinking without filter ?
You thought the Internet is big .
These are big questions .
It would be irresistible to use it as a tool to amplify our thinking and communication skills .
Indeed , this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer 's and similar diseases .
We have a few choices more than open this door .
Any other way , take a year , will happen in five or 15 years ?
It 's hard to imagine that it will take a lot more .
We have to learn how to take this step together .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet , and not in a traditional sense , not just the gay closet .
I think we all have cabinets .
Their closet may be telling anybody for the first time , or tell someone who 's pregnant , or tell someone who has cancer , or any other difficult conversation that you have to go through in life .
Now , it 's a hard conversation , and even though our issues can vary tremendously , the experience of having lived and have come out of that closet .
It 's scary , and we do n't like it , and it must happen .
Many years ago , I was working on the South Side of <unk> <unk> , a restaurant in the city , and being there , I had to go through several phases of the intensity of <unk> <unk> : I did n't take my armpits , quote the letters of <unk> gave Franco as a litany .
And I 'll be slope from my pants short of my pants short , and because I had my head my pants on my head , I would be a little kid , `` Hey , are you boy or girl ? ''
And there was a uncomfortable silence on the table .
I took my jaw a little further , I would take my coffee with a leave with her .
The father <unk> <unk> the newspaper and the mother went a cold look at his son .
But I would n't say anything , and I would go through it .
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years old , I was ready to fight .
And that 's a terrible feeling .
So I promised myself that next time I would say something .
I would n't have that hard conversation .
So after a few weeks , it happened again .
`` Are you a boy or a girl ? ''
A familiar silence , but this time I was cooked , and I was about to get into women 's issues on the table . I had the quotations to Betty <unk> .
Gloria Steinem dates .
Even an excerpt from the `` Vagina Monologues '' that showed up .
So I take a deep breath , and I went down to my backs , a little girl , a little girl dress , looking at what 's not a challenge for a feminist duel , just a little girl with a question , `` Are you a boy or a girl ? ''
So I took a deep breath again , and I got a lot of a lot of a lot of a lot of a lot of him , and I said , `` Hey , I know this is kind of confusing .
I have the short hair like the one of a boy , and I 'm watching child clothing , but I 'm a girl , and you know , like you like to use a pink dress , and sometimes you like to use a comfortable stick .
I 'm more of the kind of girl in a comfortable pajamas . ''
And that girl looked at me , paying attention , and said , `` My favorite pajamas is purple and has a fish .
Can you give me a <unk> , please ? ''
And that was all . It 's just `` Oh , when you 're a girl .
What about the <unk> that I asked ? ''
It was the easiest hard conversation of all I ever had .
And why ? Because the girl of the <unk> and I , both of us , was honest with the other .
So as many of us , I 've lived in some tears in my life , and I know , often , my walls used to be a rainbow .
But inside , in the dark , you ca n't know what the walls are .
You just know how one feels living in a closet .
It 's like my closet not different from yours or yours or yours .
Sure , I 'll give you 100 reasons why I get out of my closet , it was more difficult to get out of your own , but this is the thing : The hard thing is not relative .
The hard thing is hard .
Who can tell you to explain to someone who have declared in a broken banking is harder than to tell it that it 's been fooled ?
Who can tell me that this story which is more difficult than telling your five-year-old you 're going to get divorced ?
There 's no more difficult thing , there 's only the hard thing .
We need to stop <unk> what 's hard to do about how hard for another person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our cabinets , and we should only feel empathy because we all live something hard .
At some point in our lives , we all live in cabinets , and you can make security security , or at least security than the other side of the door is offered .
But I 'm here to tell you , no matter what your walls are made of , a closet is not a place to live .
Thank you . Imagine 20 years ago .
I , who had a horse tail , a dress and a pair pair shoes .
It was not militant lesbian prepared to fight for any four years that would go into coffee .
I was frozen in a corner of my dark closet to <unk> my gay grenade , and it 's going to move only a muscle is the most scary I ever did .
My family , my friends , full strangers that I 've spent my entire life trying to do not disappoint , and now the world would turn around .
I was burning the pages of a script , which we 've all followed , but if you do n't toss that grenade , I 'll kill you .
One of my most memorable grenade launches was in my sister 's wedding .
It was the first time that many of us were in between the guests knew that I was gay , and by doing my black dress and heels , and I walked around the tables and finally came to one where the friends of my parents were , people who knew me years ago .
And after talking a moment , one of the women screamed at , `` I love Nathan Lane ! ''
And the battle of the gay story had started .
`` Did you ever get in the Castro ? ''
`` Well , yeah , the truth is we have friends in San Francisco . ''
`` Well , we 've never gone there , but we 've heard that it 's fabulous . ''
`` <unk> , do you know my dream ?
It 's very good , and he 's never talked about having girlfriend . ''
`` <unk> , what 's your favorite TV show ?
Our favorite program ? Will and Grace .
And you know who we love ? Jack .
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman , puzzling , but in wait to desperately show his support , to know that I was on my side , he finally said to him , `` Well , sometimes my husband uses pink shirts . ''
And I had an opportunity at that moment , as they have all the grenades launchers .
You might have been easy to indicate where they felt <unk> .
It 's not very difficult to find them and realize the fact that they were <unk> .
And what else can you do to someone , but to work for them ?
If you 're going to be authentic with somebody , you have to be prepared for the authentic you you get .
It 's as well as the hard conversations are still my strong point .
Ask anybody that I have to come out of .
But I 'm getting better , and I follow what I like to call the three principles of Girl <unk> .
Now , please see this through the gay perspective , but you understand that what involves coming out of any closet is essentially the same .
Number one : Be authentic .
Take your armor . Be you .
That kid in the cafe was n't he had armor but I was ready for battle .
If you want someone to be genuine , others must know we do suffer .
Number two : Be direct . It 's just <unk> .
If you know that they 're gay , you 'll be gay .
If they say to their parents that maybe they might be gay , they will maintain hope that that could change .
They do n't give them a sense of false hope .
And number three , and more importantly , let 's do the complex .
You communicate your truth .
I would never be stuck with that .
And some of them can get hurt to be wounded , and they 're going to tell you about what they 've done , but I 'll never excuse what they are .
And yeah , maybe some of you might feel disappointed , but something on them , not you .
Those are the expectations of them about what you are , but not your own .
That 's the story of them , but not of you .
The only story that matters is that you want to write .
So the next time you meet in a dark closet , you 'll get a grenade , you have to know that we 've all been there before .
And they may feel very alone , but they 're not .
Thank you , Boulder . Enjoy the <unk> .
Intelligence , what is that ?
If we look at the story of how intelligence has been seen , a productive example has been the famous quote from <unk> <unk> that `` The question if a machine can think of it is as interesting as the question of if an submarine can swim . ''
When <unk> <unk> wrote this as a critical of the pioneers of computing as Alan Turing .
And so a few years ago , I took a program to try to understand the fundamental fundamental physical mechanisms of intelligence .
Let 's take a step back .
So let 's first start with a mental experiment .
Imagine that you 're from an alien race , you do n't know anything about the biology of the Earth or the neuroscience of the Earth , but that have incredible telescopes , and you can look at the Earth , and they have incredibly long lives , so you can look at the Earth for millions , even billions of years .
And you see a very strange effect .
Of course , as Earthlings , we know that the reason would be that we 're trying to save ourselves .
We 're trying to avoid an impact .
But if you 're from an alien race that does n't know anything about this , that you do n't have any concept about the Earth 's intelligence , you 'd see that they 'd be forced to develop a physical theory that explained how , at some time in time , the asteroids that we 've got the surface of a planet mysteriously stopped doing it .
And so I claim that this is the same question as to understand the physical nature of intelligence .
So in this program that I took done several years ago , I studied a variety of issues through science , through various disciplines , which pointed , I think , to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence .
In cosmology , for example , there have been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be identified , adjusted to the development of intelligence , and in particular , for development of universal states , that we would promote the diversity of possible future diversity .
Finally , in the robotic movement planning , there 's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to leverage robots skills to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks .
And so , by taking all these different topics , and <unk> together , I asked , for a number of years , is there an underlying mechanism for intelligence that we can get from all these different themes ?
Is there just an equation for intelligence ?
And I think the answer is . What you 're seeing is probably the closest equivalent of a E = <unk> to the intelligence that I 've seen .
So what you 're seeing here is an affirmation that intelligence is a force , F , that acts in order to maximize future freedom of action .
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action , or to maintain open choices , with a power force , with the diversity of possible future accessible , yes , to a imminent future , the tau .
In a nutshell , intelligence does n't like to stay caught .
The intelligence is trying to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain the open options .
And so , given this equation , it 's natural to ask , `` What can you do with this ? ''
How wrong is it ?
Do we <unk> the level of human intelligence ?
Do you think about artificial intelligence ?
So I 'm going to show you now a video that I think , showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation .
Narrator : <unk> research in cosmology have suggested that universes that produce more disorder , or entropy , for their life should have more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us .
But what if that cosmological cosmological connection , between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship ?
What if smart behavior is not only correlated with the production of entropy in long-term entropy , but actually arises directly from it ?
To find out , we 've developed a software engine called <unk> , designed to maximize the production of entropy in any system that you find in .
Surprisingly , <unk> could spend multiple animal intelligence tests , play human games , and even winning money by trading actions , all of it without having told you to do that .
Here are some examples of <unk> in action .
Just like a human standing in no fall , here we see <unk> balancing automatically a pole using a cart .
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave them a goal .
He just decided to balance the pole .
This ability of balance will have applications for humanoid robotics and human assistance technologies .
This capability of tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing applications and agriculture .
In addition , just like some other animals can cooperate throwing opposite sides of a rope at the same time to release the food , here we see that <unk> can make a version of the model of that task .
This capacity for cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields .
<unk> is widely applicable in a variety of domains .
For example , here we see successfully playing a game of a pong game against itself , which is the potential for play .
Here we see <unk> orchestrate new connections in a social network where friends are constantly running , and it 's keeping with success the connected network .
This same capacity of <unk> also has applications in health care , energy and intelligence .
So here we see <unk> organizing the routes of a fleet of ships , discovering successfully , and using the Panama Canal to extend globally from the Atlantic to the Pacific .
In the same way , <unk> is widely applicable in economic defense , logistics and transportation .
Finally , here we see spontaneously spontaneously discovering and run a strategy of <unk> , <unk> in a simulated series of stocks of actions , successfully increasing the assets under their management exponentially .
This risk management ability will have vast applications in finance and safe .
Alex <unk> : What you 've seen is that a variety of intelligent cognitive behaviors such as using tools , to walk upright and social cooperation , all spreading from one equation , which leads to a system to maximize its future freedom of action .
Now , here 's a deep irony .
Let 's go back at the beginning of the term of the term , the <unk> play , and there was always the concept that if we were to make smart machines , there would be an cyber rebellion .
The machines looked up against us .
One of the biggest implications of this work is that maybe all of these decades , we 've had all the concept of cyber rebellion to the reverse .
It 's not that the machines first become intelligent , and then they 're going to go back and try to take over the world .
It 's all the opposite , that the urge to take control of all future possible is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence , that general intelligence can actually arise out of taking control , rather than the other way .
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the goal .
I 'm often asking me , `` How do you look for targets like this kind of framework ? ''
My equivalent to that statement to go to the descendants to help them build artificial intelligences or to help them understand human intelligence , is the following : intelligence has to be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoiding the restrictions in their own future .
Thank you very much .
We 're at an inflection point in human history , something between stars and losing the planet we call `` home . ''
Although , in the last few years , we 've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how it fits the Earth in the context of the universe .
The Kepler mission of NASA has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting other stars , which points that the Earth is only one between the billions of planets in our galaxy .
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the light light intensity of stars when planets go ahead of them , and blocking a little bit of that light that comes to us .
The data on Kepler shows the sizes of the planets in addition to the distance that there is between them and their mother star .
So together , this helps us understand whether these planets are small and egg like the Earth planets of our solar system , and also the amount of light they receive from their suns .
By the time , this gives you clues about whether these planets we find are habitable or not .
Unfortunately , as we 're finding this treasure of potentially habitable , our own planet is <unk> under the weight of humanity .
2014 was the hottest largest record .
<unk> and sea ice that have been with us for millennia , are now disappearing in a matter of decades .
These environmental changes that we have caused to a global scale has rapidly passed our ability to change their course .
But I 'm not a science scientist , no astronomer .
But I study the Goldilocks on the planet influenced by the stars , with the hope of finding places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet .
I could say that we look for alien opportunities in the housing sector .
Now , as someone very interested in finding life in the universe , I can tell you that the more I look like planets like the Earth , the more I enjoy our own planet .
Each of these new worlds inviting a comparison between the newly discovered planet and the planets we know better : our solar system .
Let 's take our neighbor , to Mars .
Mars is small and <unk> , and even though it 's a bit further from the Sun , it can be considered a potentially livable world demonstrated this by a mission as the Kepler .
In fact , it 's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past , and part of it is why we study so much to Mars .
Our <unk> as the Curiosity `` Curiosity '' track their surface looking for clues about the origins of life as we know it .
The satellites that orbit , like the <unk> mission , take samples from the atmosphere of Mars , and they try to understand how Mars has been able to lose its Goldilocks .
Business companies now provide not only short space flights , but also the chance of living on Mars .
But even though all these <unk> images remind us the deserts of our planet , places that are linked in our imagination with the <unk> and <unk> ideas , compared to the Earth , Mars is a pretty terrible place to live .
Let 's take the extension of the <unk> areas of our planet that still have left to colonize , places that are really <unk> compared to Mars .
Even in the poorest and highest places on Earth is cool and full of oxygen embedded by our tropical forests at thousands of miles away .
I 'm worried that this excitement from the colonization of Mars , and other planets below the colonization of Mars and other planets : the implication and the belief of some of Mars , waiting for us to save us from this single <unk> self-destruction of the only planet that we know is truly livable , the Earth .
For a lot that I 'm going to like about exploration , I 'm deep disagreement with this idea .
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars , but to say that Mars will be there to safeguard humanity is as you imagine that the captain of the Titanic will be a place later on the family boats . Thank you .
But the targets for exploration and <unk> are not <unk> .
No , they 're actually expensive in the same coin : the goal of understanding , to preserve and improve life in the future .
The extreme environments in our world look like alien aliens .
They 're just closer to home .
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces , in the hostile and inhospitable spaces of the earth , maybe we can meet the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that .
I 'll leave you with a thought experiment : the Fermi paradox .
Many years ago , Enrico Fermi asked Fermi , having realized that our universe has been around for a long time , and we hope that there were many planets in this universe , we should have found evidence of the existence of extraterrestrial life so far .
Well , where are they ?
Well , a potential for Fermi paradox is that when civilizations becomes advanced advanced enough to consider to live between the stars , lose the notion of how important the important thing is to protect the origin of the planets that we 've predicted this development .
So it 's arrogant to think that only <unk> will save us from ourselves , but planetary preservation and exploration can work together .
If we really believe in our ability to reflect the hostile environments of Mars for the human presence , then we should be able to overcome the task even easier to preserve the Goldilocks on Earth .
Thank you .
A few years ago , I would hold my own house .
And while I was on the front porch looking in my pockets , I realized I did n't have the keys .
In fact , I could see out the window that they were on the dining room , where he had left them .
So quickly , I tried to open all the other doors and windows , and they were all fine .
I thought I 'd call a <unk> , at least I had my cell phone , but at midnight , a <unk> could take a long time to get , and it was cold .
I could n't go home from my friend of Jeff , I could n't go home because I had an early flight to Europe in the next morning , and I 'm hanging out of my passport and my suitcase .
It 's certainly expensive , but sure that it 's not more expensive than a <unk> at night , so I thought , despite the circumstances , I 'd come up and I would go out .
I 'm a neuroscientist a profession , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
It 's increasing cortisol , heart rate increases , <unk> your adrenaline levels and <unk> thinking .
And when I got to the turnover counter at the airport , I realized I did n't have my passport .
Well , I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep .
And I started to wonder , if there was something that I could do , systems that I could put in its place , that we can avoid bad things .
Or at least , if bad things happen , that we 'll get the probability of a total catastrophe .
So I started to think about that , but until a month later my thoughts did n't get caught .
I was having dinner with my colleague , Danny <unk> , the Nobel Prize , and a little embarrassed him spoke to him about I broke the window , and , I had forgotten my passport , and Danny shared me who I had been practicing with something called hindsight <unk> .
It 's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein , who had written this a few years before , known as the <unk> .
You all know what the <unk> is .
Every time there 's a disaster , a team of experts come up and tries to figure out what went wrong , right ?
In the <unk> , it 's like Danny 's explaining to Danny , you look forward and he tries to figure out all the things that could go wrong , then tries to figure out what to do to prevent things from things , or to minimize the damage .
So what I want to talk about with you is some things that we can do in the form of a <unk> .
Some of them are evident , others are not so obvious .
I 'm going to start with the obvious .
In the house , you 'll take a place for things that are easily lost .
This sounds like common sense , and it is , but there 's a lot of science that supports this thesis , based on how our space memory works .
There 's a structure in the brain called the hippocampus , which has evolved over thousands of years , to make track of the location of the important things , where it 's the good , where the fish are , where the trees are located , where the tribes live , female and female tribes .
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that 's going into the <unk> of London .
It 's the part of the brain that allows the squirrels to find their nuts .
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment , they cut the <unk> sense of squirrels and still could find their nuts .
They did n't use smell , but the hippocampus , that very , very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things .
But it 's really good for things that do n't move much , not so good for things that move a lot .
This is the reason for losing keys from the car , reading glasses and passports .
So at home , I would take a place for his keys , a hook up next door , maybe a decorative dish .
For your passport , one particular crate .
For your reading glasses , a particular coffee table .
If you take a place , and you 're getting them into it , you 're always going to be there when you look for them .
What about travel ?
Take a picture of your credit cards , a picture of your credit cards , license driver , <unk> by email themselves so that they 're in the cloud .
If these things are lost or steal it , this can enable them to match .
These are some of the most obvious things .
Remember , when you 're under stress , your brain frees cortisol .
<unk> is toxic and <unk> .
So part of the hands-on practice is to recognize that under stress will not be at the best time , and you have to put the systems on the site .
And there 's perhaps no more stressful situation that when you face a medical decision .
And at some point , we will all be in that situation , of having to make a very important decision about the future of our health care future or a loved one , to help you with a decision .
And so I want to talk about that .
And I 'll talk about a very particular medical condition .
But this is <unk> as a <unk> for all of these medical decisions , and in fact for the decision-making of financial decision-making and social decisions , any kind of choice that we have to benefit from a rational assessment of facts .
So suppose they go to the doctor and the doctor says , `` I got the result of the lab and the cholesterol result is a little bit high . ''
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of heart disease , attack the heart , stroke .
So you 're thinking that having high cholesterol is not the best , then the doctor says , `` I 'd like to give you a drug that will help you reduce your cholesterol , a <unk> . ''
And maybe you 've already heard of <unk> , and it knows that it 's one of the most prescribed drugs in the world today , even likely to know people who take them .
So you 're thinking , `` Yes , you 'll get the <unk> ! ''
But there 's a question that you have to do then , a statistic that 's got to ask for that most physicians do n't want to talk about , and drug companies even less .
It 's for <unk> , the number you need to treat .
And what is this , the <unk> ?
It 's the number of people who have to take a drug or to have surgery in any medical procedure before you help a person .
And you should think of what kind of statistical statistics is that ?
The number must be one .
My doctor would n't get me out to me , if not to help me .
But actually , medical practice does n't work like this .
And it 's not the fault of the doctor , and if it 's somebody 's fault , it 's from scientists like me .
We have n't understood very well the underlying mechanisms .
But the <unk> estimates that 90 percent of drugs works just from 30 to 50 percent of the people .
So the number you need to treat the <unk> <unk> , which what you think is ?
How many people have to take it before they help a person ?
300 .
This is according to the research of researchers in the <unk> researchers and Pamela <unk> , <unk> <unk> .
I 'm myself exploring numbers .
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack , stroke or another adverse event .
Now you might think , `` Well , you know , one probability for 300 cholesterol .
Why not , doctor ? Get the recipe for anyway . ''
But then you have to ask for a bit of a statistic , and it 's , `` <unk> from the side effects . '' Right ?
For this particular drug , the side effects produce in five percent of the patients .
And those include terrible things : debilitating , and articulate pain , but they 're now thinking , `` Five percent is not very likely to happen to me , still to take medicine . ''
But a moment .
Do remember that low stress does n't think clearly .
So think about how to do this with time , so you do n't have to make the chain of reasoning in the act .
300 people take the drug , not ? A person has helped , five percent of the 300 people have side effects , that 's 15 people .
You have 15 times more likely to get rid of the drug that 's going to help you do .
I 'm not saying that they should or not take the <unk> .
I just say you must have this conversation with your doctor .
The medical ethic requires it , is part of the beginning of informed consent .
We have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not .
Maybe you 're thinking that I 've launched this number in the air for the crash value , but actually this number necessary to treat is quite typical .
So for the surgery that the more is done in the biggest men of 50 , <unk> from prostate cancer , the number you need to treat is 49 .
This is , 49 surgeries for a person who has helped .
And the side effects in that case are produced by 50 percent of the patients .
Those include ritualistic or erectile dysfunction , urinary incontinence , rectal probes , fecal incontinence .
And if you 're lucky , it 's one of that 50 percent effects just a year or two .
So the idea of <unk> is to think about time before the questions that you can make up the conversation forward .
You do n't have to make all of this in the act .
And they also want to think about the quality of life .
Because you have a choice many times , you want a more short life of pain , or a longer life that could have a lot of pain towards the end ?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now , with their family and their loved ones .
You can change your opinion in the heat of the moment , but at least you 're trained in this kind of thinking .
Remember , our brain releases <unk> under stress , and one of the things that happens at that time is that you go off a lot of systems .
There 's an evolutionary reason for this .
<unk> face with a predator , you do n't need the digestive system , or the rub or your immune system , because if the body is spending the metabolism on those things , it does n't react to quickly . You could get the lunch of the lions , so none of that matters .
Unfortunately , one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is the rational logical thinking , like Danny <unk> and his colleagues have shown .
So we have to train ourselves to think about the future to these kinds of situations .
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all rejects .
We 're all going to fail every time .
The idea is to think about the future , how they might be those failures , to put the systems in the place that will help minimize the harm , or to prevent the things that bad things happen in the first place .
We slept at the snow night in Montreal , when I returned from my journey , my contractor installed me a combination of combination with the door , with a key to the gate door in the same , an easy way to remember it .
And I have to admit that I still have lots of cards I 've not ordered , and lots of messages of email that I have n't read .
So I 'm not very organized , but I see the organization as a gradual process , and I 'm doing it .
Thank you very much .
Interpreter : <unk> , `` <unk> '' is my favorite musical symbol .
It means <unk> .
If you 're playing a musical instrument and you see a <unk> on the score , you need to touch more softly .
Two <unk> , even more soft .
Four <unk> , extremely soft .
This is my drawing of a <unk> tree , and you see it does n't matter how many thousand and thousands of <unk> may have , you never get a complete silence .
That 's my current definition of silence : a very dark sound .
I 'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system of signs , the <unk> , in addition to a little bit of my own story .
The French sign language came over the early 2000s , and over time , he mixed with local signs , and developed the language that we know today as <unk> .
So it has a story about 200 years .
I was born deaf , and they taught me to believe that sound was n't a part of my life .
And I thought it was true .
However , now I realize that it 's not true for anything .
Sound is a very important part of my life , they 're really in my mind every day .
As a person who lives in a world of sounds , it 's like I lived in a foreign country , tracking their rules , customs , behaviors and norms without <unk> .
So how do I understand sound ?
Well , I see how people behave and respond to sound .
People are like my speakers and amplify the sound .
And I learn that behavior .
At the same time , I 've learned that I can create sounds , and I 've seen how people respond .
So I 've learned , for example ...
`` Do n't shake the door ! ''
Do n't make a lot of noise from eating the potato chips .
`` Not <unk> , and when you 're eating , make sure not scratch the covered in the dish . ''
All this is what I call `` sound label . ''
Maybe I think of the sound label more than the average person does .
I 'm a <unk> of sound .
And I 'm always waiting to make the sound , what 's coming next .
From there , this drawing .
<unk> , for deciding .
<unk> , let 's continue .
<unk> , by announce .
You can see that the <unk> has no notes in the lines .
That 's because the lines already contain sounds through the subtle <unk> and spots .
In the culture , deaf , movement is equivalent to sound .
This is the signal for `` <unk> '' in the <unk> .
A typical <unk> has five lines .
However , for me , I 'm going to be with my thumb that does n't feel natural .
That 's why I just have four lines on the paper .
In 2008 , I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin , Germany , for an artistic residence there .
Before this time , I had worked like <unk> .
During this summer , I visited museums and different galleries , and as I went from one place to another , I realized that there was no visual art there .
And at that moment , the sound was the trend , and that 's what it struck me .
There was no visual art , everything was hearing .
Now the sound has entered my territory of art .
Is it going to benefit me more than art ?
I realized that it does n't have to be like this .
In fact , I know the sound .
I know it so well that you do n't just experience through your ears .
I can feel it tactile , or you experience it visually , or even as an idea .
So I decided to reclaim the sound of sound and <unk> in my artistic practice .
And all I had taught me in terms of sound , I decided to leave it and leave it .
I started to create a new body of work .
And when I presented it to the artistic community , I was amazed by how much support and attention I received .
I realized that sound is like money , power , control : social currency .
In the heart of my mind , I always felt the sound was alien , was something of a listener person .
And the sound is so powerful that it could be <unk> to me and my artwork , or I could empower .
I chose it to be <unk> .
There 's a massive culture around the spoken language .
And just because I do n't use my literal voice to communicate , the eyes of society is as if it did n't have a voice at all .
So I have to work with people who can support me equally and to become my voice .
So I 'm able to be relevant in the current society .
So in school , at work and institutions , I work with lots of different performers .
And his voice becomes my voice and identity .
They help me be heard .
And their voices have value and weight .
Ironically , by asking to <unk> her voices , I 'm able to maintain a temporary form of value , like taking a loan with a very high interest rate .
If I would not continue with this practice , I feel that I could tell you in oblivion and not have any kind of social value .
So , with sound like my new artistic medium , it <unk> in the world of music .
And I was surprised by looking at the similarities between music and <unk> .
For example , a musical note can not capture and express fully on the paper .
And the same can be said to a concept in <unk> .
The two are very , very <unk> , which means that subtle changes can affect all the meaning as much of the signals as the sounds .
I 'd like to share with you a little bit of the piano metaphor , so you get better to understand how it works .
So , imagine a piano .
<unk> is divided into many different kinds of parameters .
If you put a parameter different for each finger , as the facial expression , the movement of the body , the movement of the body , the shape of the body , the shape of the hand and so , as it hits the piano , the English is a linear language , as if you 're sitting only a key to the time .
However , <unk> is more like a chord , you need the 10 fingers at the same side to express a clear concept or an idea in <unk> .
If only one key would change the chord , it would create a completely different meaning .
Same thing happens to the music in terms of pitch , timbre and volume .
In <unk> , by using these different parameters , you can express different ideas .
For example , the signal `` <unk> at that . ''
This is the signal `` <unk> at that . ''
I 'm looking at you .
<unk> <unk> .
Oh , I 'm stuck .
Uh oh .
What are you looking at ?
Ah !
So I started thinking , and if I look at the <unk> through the music lens ?
If I had to create a sign , and it would take it over and again , it could become like a piece of visual music .
For example , this is the sign of the day , the sun comes out and it gets .
This is all day . ''
If you push it , and you break the speed , you visually see it as a piece of music .
Every day .
I feel like the same thing can be said to `` all night . ''
`` All the night . ''
This is all night , in this drawing .
And this led me to think about three different types of nights : `` Last night , '' `` at night , '' `` all night . ''
I feel that the third one has more than the other two .
This represents how time expresses time in <unk> and how distance you can express changes in time .
For example , one <unk> . It 's a hand , two <unk> -- it 's two hands , the present gets closer and in front of the body , the future is in front of the body , and the past is on the back .
So , the first example is `` <unk> . ''
Then , `` past '' -- `` <unk> , '' and the last one , which is my favorite , with a very romantic and dramatic idea at the time , `` Once again . ''
`` Common time '' is a musical term with a specific rhythm of four times by compass .
However , when I see the word `` common time '' I think automatically at the same time .
Watch <unk> : Watch <unk> , E : left left .
We have the <unk> through the head and the chest .
( Face : <unk> , flashlight .
Can you do it with me ?
Everyone with high hands .
Now we 're going to do it both in your head as a chest , something like `` ordinary time '' or `` at the same time . ''
Yeah , very well .
That means `` <unk> '' in the international system .
The international system , as a note , is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and language languages around the world .
The second one I 'd like to show you is this . Please do it again .
And now this .
It means `` colonization '' in <unk> .
Now , the third one . Please follow me again .
And over again .
It 's `` lighting '' in <unk> .
We 're going to do the three together .
`` <unk> , '' `` colonization , '' and `` illumination . ''
Good work .
Look at how the three signs are very similar . They all happen in your head and your chest , but they 're carrying very different meanings .
It 's amazing to see how it 's alive and thriving , just like the music .
However , today , we live in a very <unk> world .
And only because the <unk> does n't have sound , it does n't automatically have social value .
We have to start questioning what defines the social value and allow the <unk> to develop its own value , no sounds .
And this might be a step to make a more inclusive society .
And maybe people understand that you do n't have to be deaf to learn <unk> . Not to hear about to learn music .
<unk> is a rich trove of treasure , and I 'd like you to have the same experience .
I 'd like to invite you to open your ears , opening your eyes , to participate in our culture and experience our visual language .
And you never know , you can even fall in love with us .
Thank you .
<unk> <unk> : Hey , that 's me .
As a child , my parents told me , `` You can <unk> everything , but then you have to clean it up . ''
Freedom involves responsibility .
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places , where everything was possible .
So I grew up in an innocence bubble or a bubble of ignorance , I should say , because the adults are lied to protect us from the horrible truth .
By getting older , I learned that adults also assume that the adults are also <unk> , and that they 're not very good at cleaning the other people 's others .
Time happened , now I 'm an adult and invention and invention in Hong Kong school .
You do n't have to wait much for my students to walk around the beach , lots of garbage .
So as good citizens , cleaned up the beaches , and no , no alcohol is no alcohol , and if it 's , I did n't give it .
It 's sad to say , but more than 80 percent of the oceans have plastic .
It 's kind of scary .
And in the last few decades , we 've been coming out with these big ships and networks , to collect those pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope , and <unk> and <unk> this information on a map .
But it lasts for an eternity and it 's very expensive , and it 's very risky , to use those huge boats .
So along with my students , with ages six to 15 years , we dream about inventing a better way .
We 've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop .
We started building this <unk> coffee table so that the very <unk> kids can also participate in .
And I 'll tell you , kids who manipulate electrical tools are really cool and safe .
Not exactly .
Let 's go back to plastic .
We collect plastic and we reduce it to the size that we found in the ocean , which is very small , because of its fragmentation .
That 's what we do .
I 'll leave you with the imagination of my students .
My job is to try and take the best ideas in every child and try to get them into something that we hope to work .
So we decided instead of collecting plastic pieces , just <unk> information .
By using a robot , we take a picture of this plastic -- the kids get really excited with the robots .
And then we quickly created what we call `` a prototype . ''
We 're so fast in creating prototypes that we 've done before lunch .
And we transform lamps and online cameras and assemble it into a floating robot that will move slowly through the water and the plastic that we have there , and this is the picture captured by the robot .
We see the pieces of plastic floating through the sensor while the computer on board can process this image and measure the size of each particle , to get a rough estimate of how much plastic in the water .
And I would put this invention to step on a website for inventors called `` <unk> , '' with the hope that someone gets to get it even better .
The great thing about this project is that the students saw a local , and boom , they 're trying to fix it immediately .
I can investigate my local problem , but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed kids .
You see the news , you look at the Internet , and you get into this image .
A child , maybe less than 10 years , cleaning up an oil spill , just using the hands , in <unk> , the largest mangrove forest in Bangladesh .
They were very surprised because this is the water you drink , it 's the water that you bathe , the water where they fish , the place where they live .
You can also see that water is brown , mud and oil are also brown , and when everything gets mixing , it 's very hard to see what there is in the water .
But there 's a simple technology called <unk> , which allows you to see what 's in the water .
So we built a very first prototype of a warlord that can burning <unk> through all kinds of substances that produce different <unk> , which can help you identify what 's in the water .
We had this prototype with a sensor , and we sent it to Bangladesh .
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem , or analyzing a local problem , my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other kids .
I can investigate a problem at a distance -- I was forced to do a second experiment , and I wanted to go a little further , maybe to tackle a more difficult problem , and also closer to me .
I 'm half a Japanese and half French half , and you might remember , in 2011 , there was a devastating earthquake in Japan .
It was so violent that it triggered various giant waves , called future tsunamis , and those tsunamis destroyed several cities on the coast of Japan .
Over 14,000 people were killed in a second .
It also gives the nuclear power plant of Fukushima , a nuclear station on the water .
And today , according to an average of 300 tons are still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean .
Today , the entire Pacific Ocean has traces of pollution by <unk> .
If we go to the west coast , we can measure the radiation of Fukushima everywhere .
But if you look at the map , it seems that most radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast , and most of the time , it looks safe , is blue .
Well , it 's a bit more complicated than that .
I 've gone back to Fukushima every year from the accident , and independently of other scientists , the land , the river , and this time we wanted to lead the kids .
Of course , we did n't get them , the parents did n't allow him .
But every night we reported the center of control -- here you see use of different masks .
It might seem that they did n't take the work seriously , but they did that because they 're going to have to live with the entire life of his life .
Together with them , we discuss the data that day , and we talked about what we were going to do next , the strategies , the <unk> , etc .
And to do this , we created a rudimentary <unk> map of the region around the nuclear power plant .
We created the elevation map , introduced pigments to represent real-time data of radioactivity , and <unk> water to simulate the rain .
We could see that the radioactive dust was filtering from the top of the mountain to the <unk> system and <unk> in the ocean .
It was a rough estimate .
But based on this we organized a civil expedition , the nearest near nuclear central to date .
We 're approaching a mile of the nuclear power , and with the fishermen of the area , we were collecting sediments from the sea bed with a <unk> tracking device as we invented and build .
Here we see a progression : we 've gone from a local problem to a remote problem , to a global problem .
And it 's been very exciting to work on these different scales , also with open-source technologies , and very simple technologies .
But at the same time , it 's been more and more frustrating because we 've only been starting to measure the damage that we 've done .
We 've not even started trying to solve problems .
I wonder if we should take the leap and try to invent better ways of doing all these things .
So the classroom became a little bit small , so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong , and we turned it into the largest space dedicated to social impact .
It 's in the center of Hong Kong , and it 's a place where we can work with wood , metal , chemistry , a little bit of biology , of optics , basically , can be built almost entirely out there .
It 's also a place where adults and children can play together .
It 's a place where the dreams of children can actually become adult aid , and where adults can be a kid again .
Students : acceleration ! <unk> !
<unk> <unk> : We asked things like : Can we invent the future of renewable mobility for renewable energy ?
For example .
Or , can we help in the mobility of populations , transforming their standard wheels chairs into new electrical vehicles ?
The plastic , the oil and the <unk> are terrible , but the worst legacy we can leave our children are lies .
We ca n't afford to protect the children of terrible truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions .
So , scientific citizens , makers , <unk> , we have to make the next generation for care about the environment and people , and so that I can really do something about it .
Thank you .
Two twin <unk> cultures , two radically different design cultures .
One is made from thousands of steel pieces , the other one of one thread of silk .
One of them is synthetic , the other organic .
One is located on the environment , the other creates .
One is designed by nature , one for her .
Michelangelo said that when he looked at the gross marble , he saw a figure that fights for being free .
The <unk> was unique by Michelangelo .
But living beings are not <unk> .
They grow .
And in the smallest units of life , the cells , we carry all the information that 's required by every cell to work and replicate .
The tools also have consequences .
At least since the Industrial Revolution , the design world has been dominated by rigors of manufacturing and production .
The assembly lines have dictated a world being made of parts , <unk> the imagination of designers and architects to think about their objects as <unk> of discreet parts with different functions .
But you do n't find <unk> from smooth materials in nature .
Think about human skin , for example .
Our facial skins are thin with <unk> pores .
The skins of the back are thicker with little pores .
One acts mostly as a filter , the other mainly as a barrier , and yet it 's the same skin : no parts , no <unk> .
It 's a system that changes its functionality through <unk> variation .
Here 's a very divided screen that represents my view of the divided world , the double personality of every designer and an architect working today between the <unk> and the gene , between the machine and the organism , between assembly and growth , between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin .
These two visions of the world , my left hemisphere and the right , analysis and synthesis , is shown in both screens after me .
My job , at the simplest level , is trying to bring these two visions of the world , moving away from assembly and approaching growth .
You probably wonder : Why now ?
Why was n't that possible 10 or even five years ago ?
We live in a very special moment in history , a rare time , where they connect four disciplines that offers designers access to tools that we had never had access to before .
And at the intersection of these four fields , my team and I created .
Please know the minds and the hands of my students .
We 're designing objects , products , structures and tools through scales , on scale , structures , like this robotic arm with a scope of 24 feet in diameter with a foundation that one day not far away to print whole buildings -- and graphs at the nanoscale made of genetically modified objects in the dark .
Here we 've been <unk> , an archetype of the old Arab architecture , and it has created a screen where each aperture is <unk> to model the shape of light and heat through it .
In our next project , we explored the ability to create a fashion parade and a skirt , and this was for a fashion parade of Paris with <unk> van <unk> , and it 's like a second skin made of one piece , and it would take them into the contours , flexible around the waist .
Together with 3D printing with 3D printing , we printed this layer , we print this layer and skirt without stitching between the cells . I 'll show you more objects like that .
This helmet combines rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microns .
This is the resolution of a human hair .
It 's also the resolution of a <unk> scanner .
That designers have access to this high-resolution analytical , and the synthetic instruments , it allows you to design products that are not just the shape of our bodies , but also the physiological structure of our tissues .
We 've designed an acoustic chair , a <unk> chair , comfortable and also absorbs sound .
The Carter professor , my collaborator , we came back to nature to inspire , and when we design this irregular surface pattern , it becomes <unk> .
So let 's get this surface of 44 different properties , which vary in stiffness , <unk> and color , <unk> the pressure points in the human body .
Their surface , as in nature , enhances its functionality not by addition to other material , or another assembly , but continuously , and joined the material property .
But is it the ideal nature ?
Is no parts in nature ?
I was not raised in a religious Jew home , but when I was young , my grandmother told me stories about the Hebrew Bible , and one of them was stuck and came to define a lot about what I care about .
As she <unk> , `` On the third day of the Creation , God calls Earth to grow a <unk> tree . ''
For that first tree <unk> , there would be no difference between trunk and branches , leaves and fruits .
The whole tree was a fruit .
Instead , the land did grow trees with branches , cortex , water and flowers .
The land created a world made of parts .
I often ask , `` What would the design be if objects were made of one piece ? ''
Would you get a better state of creation ? ''
So we 're looking for the biblical material , the kind of material of the tree with fruits , and we found it .
The second most abundant <unk> on the planet is called <unk> , and about 100 million tons are produced every year for organisms like shrimp , crabs , scorpions and butterflies .
We thought that if we could tune into your properties , we could generate <unk> structures in one piece .
So that 's what we did .
We call it legal <unk> . We 're asking a lot of shrimp husks , <unk> and produced <unk> .
<unk> chemical concentrations , we 've been able to achieve a wide range of properties , from dark , hard and opaque , to light , soft and transparent .
So to print the structures on a large scale , it was built a system with multiple scores of <unk> <unk> .
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures from one material only 3.5 feet long , 100 percent recyclable .
When the pieces are ready , you dry them off to find a natural shape in contact with the air .
So why do we keep designing with plastic ?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process was used to contain microorganisms <unk> that appeared for the first time on the planet three billion years ago , as we heard yesterday .
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT , they were <unk> the bacteria engineered to capture rapidly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar .
For the first time , we 've been able to generate structures that make their transition without <unk> beams , and if even more , to windows .
A <unk> <unk> tree .
Working with an old material , one of the first forms of life on the planet , with abundant water and a little bit of synthetic biology , we have transformed a structure from shrimp husks in an architecture that behaves like a tree .
And here 's the best part : for objects designed to biodegrade , placed in the sea , <unk> marine life -- and placed on the ground , they will grow a tree .
The adjustment for our next exploration use the same design principles was the solar system .
We 're looking for the possibility of creating clothes to keep the life for <unk> travel .
To do that , we need to master bacteria and control their flow .
So like the periodic table , we did our own table of elements : new forms of life created <unk> , made by additive form and biological shape .
I like to think of synthetic biology as the liquid opening of the liquid opening , only instead of precious metals , new biological functionalities among very small channels .
This field is called microfluidics .
We <unk> our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial bacterial bacterial bacterial .
In our first piece of clothing , two microorganisms combined .
The first is <unk> .
He lives in our oceans and in the freshwater ponds .
And the second , E. coli , the bacteria that lives in the human intestine .
One becomes sugar in sugar , the other uses sugar and produces useful biofuels for the built environment .
But these two microorganisms do n't interact in nature .
In fact , they never met .
They 're here , designed for the first time , to have a relationship in a piece of clothing .
Think of it as evolution , not natural selection , but evolution by design .
To contain these relationships , we 've created a single channel that looks like the digestive tract , that will help you flow these bacteria , and that they would promote their function .
So we began to grow those channels in the human body , which is the properties of the material as we desired .
If we wanted more photosynthesis , more transparent channels .
This wearable digestive system , when you stretch from one end to another , it takes 60 feet .
This is half the length of a football field , and 10 times more than our small intestine .
And here is , as we 're born at TED , our first wearable photosynthetic , bright liquid channels in their clothing .
Thank you .
Mary Shelley said , `` We are all the <unk> creatures , only half it is made . ''
What if design would get the other half ?
What if we could create structures that increase living matter ?
What if we could create personal <unk> that we would take our skin , fill the tissue out of the damaged tissue and move on our bodies ?
Think of this as a form of edit biology .
I call this the material ecology .
So for that , you always have to go back to nature .
For now , you know that a 3D printer prints material on layers .
You also know that nature does n't do this .
It grows . It 's <unk> with sophistication .
This cocoon of the worm , for example , creates a highly sophisticated architecture , a home within which it will become .
<unk> do not additive about this level of sophistication .
It does it by combination not from two materials , but two proteins at different concentrations .
One acts as a structure , the other is glue or the matrix , uniting those fibers together .
And this is happening through scales .
The silk worm first turned into the environment , creates a structure of tension , and then starts to transfer a cocoon of compression .
<unk> and compression , the two forces of life , manifest themselves in a single material .
In order to better understand how this complex process works , we attach a small magnet to the head of a silk worm , the line .
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors , and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of cocoon of silk worm .
However , by putting the silk worm into a flat patch , not within a box , we realized that you 're going to make a cocoon and still <unk> <unk> .
So we started designing different environments , different scaffolding , and we 've found that shape , the composition , the cocoon of the cocoon , being transmitted directly by the environment .
It 's often <unk> the silk worms to death inside their cocoons , their silk gets disappears and used in the textile industry .
We saw that designing these templates , we could shape the raw silk without boiling a cocoon .
It <unk> <unk> , and we could create these things .
So we climbed this process up to the architectural scale .
We had a robot <unk> making silk equipment , and we put it into our site .
We knew that the silk worms are going to be more dark and cool , so we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure .
So we created holes or <unk> , to block the rays of light and heat , distributes the silk worms on the structure .
We were ready to get the caterpillars .
We were able to grow silk worms to a online silk farm .
And after you feed them four weeks , they were prepared to get away with us .
We put them carefully on the bottom ridge of the scaffolding , and as we <unk> , <unk> , put eggs , put eggs , and life starts again , but much , much shorter .
Bucky said that tension is the great integrity , and he was right .
Now , when you get rid of the biological silk of the <unk> silk , they give all this pavilion in its integrity .
And in a little bit more than two or three weeks , they 're 4,000 55,000 silk worms .
In a curious symmetry , this is also the length of the silk route .
<unk> , after <unk> , produce 1.5 million eggs .
This could be used for 250 additional pavilions in the future .
So here are the two visions of the world .
A <unk> silk through a robotic arm , the other full empty arm .
If the last frontier of design is to give life to products and the buildings around us , to form an ecology of two materials , designers must bring these two visions of the world together .
Which brings us back , of course , at the beginning .
Here 's a new age of design , a new era of creation , which brings us from a design inspired by nature to an inspired nature , which requires us , for the first time , that we get in charge of nature .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . Thank you .
Hands up if you 've ever asked you , `` What do you want to be more than ? ''
If you had to remember how old they had when they asked them for the first time ?
They can stick with your fingers .
Three . Five . Three . Five . Five .
Now , raise your hand if you ask the question , `` What do you want to be more about ? ''
It has caused some kind of anxiety .
Any anxiety .
I 'm somebody who could never answer the question , `` What do you want to be more about ? ''
The problem was not that I had no interest , but it had too many .
In school , I liked English , <unk> and art and setting up websites , and I was playing the guitar in a punk band called <unk> <unk> .
You may have heard about us .
And in general , I like to test and persist anyway , for spending a lot of time and energy and sometimes in this field .
But over time this sensation of boredom , this feeling of boredom , this is no longer a challenge , it comes to <unk> .
And I have to leave it .
But then I 'm going to take you out of something else , something completely different , and I 'm going to get bored with it , and I 'm like , `` Yes ! I 've found my mine , '' and then again this point where I start <unk> .
And finally , I want to leave it .
But then I 'd like to discover something new and different , and I 'd like to go into that .
This pattern caused a lot of anxiety , for two reasons .
The first was because I was n't sure how I was going to turn all this into a career .
I thought I had to choose one thing , the denial of all of my other passions , and we 'll get them to <unk> .
Another reason that caused me so much anxiety was a little more personal .
I was worried that there was something wrong with this , and something bad at me for nothing .
I was afraid to be afraid of engagement , or to be dispersed , or in my own success .
If you can relate to my story and these feelings , I 'd like to ask you something that I 'd like to have asked you to have asked .
Ask yourself , where they learned to allocate the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things .
I 'll tell you where they learned it : they learned it from culture .
We 're asking a first question , `` What do you want to be more about ? ''
When we have about five years old .
And the truth is that nobody cares about what you 're going to do at that age .
It 's considered a naive question to make nice answers into kids like , `` being an astronaut '' or `` being an astronaut '' or `` I want to be pirate . ''
It 's <unk> <unk> here .
This question makes us over and over again as you grow up in various ways , <unk> , 10 , to high school students , are asking you that they 're going to pick up in college .
And at some point , `` What do you want to be more about ? ''
It 's about being the cute exercise of what 's going to take us from sleep .
Why ?
If this question is inspired by kids to dream with what they might be , not inspires to dream with everything they might be .
In fact , it does just the opposite , because when someone asks you what you want to be , you ca n't answer with 20 different things , while adults good , you might laugh and say , `` Oh , how cute , but you ca n't be a craftsman of violins and a psychologist .
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Childs , and he 's a craftsman of violins and <unk> .
And this Ng Amy , editor of magazine converted into <unk> , entrepreneur , teacher and creative director .
But most kids do n't hear about people like this .
All you hear is they 're going to have to choose .
But it 's more than that .
The notion of life is very idealized in our culture .
It 's this idea of fate or the real calling , the idea that each of us has something to spend for your time in this land , and you have to figure out what that thing is and to devote your life to it .
But if you 're somebody who is not connected to this way ?
What if there are a lot of different topics that wake up its curiosity and a lot of different things that you want to do ?
There 's no place for someone like one in that framework .
And so you can feel alone .
You can feel it does n't have a goal .
And you feel like there 's something wrong with one .
There 's nothing wrong with you .
You 're a <unk> .
A <unk> is somebody with many interests and creative activities .
It 's a refuse to say .
It could help if you divide into three parts : multiple , potential and <unk> .
You can also use other terms that we would have the same idea , as a scholar , <unk> .
During the time of the Renaissance , the ideal was who was well <unk> in multiple disciplines .
Barbara <unk> refers to us as `` scanners . ''
You 're going to make any term you like or you 're going to take you one of your own .
It seems like a kind of adapt to a community , we ca n't agree with a single identity .
It 's easy to see <unk> as limitation or woe you should beat .
But what I 've learned by talking to people about these ideas and writing about these ideas on my website , is that there are huge strengths in being like this .
Here are three superpowers <unk> .
One : the synthesis of ideas .
I mean , the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new at the intersection .
<unk> <unk> and Rachel <unk> expressed their shared interests in cartography , visualization of data , travel , mathematics and design , to create <unk> .
<unk> is a company that creates geographically inspired jewelry .
<unk> and Rachel came up with this unique idea for his eclectic mixture of skills and experiences .
The innovation happens at intersections .
That 's where new ideas come from .
And <unk> them , with all of their background , can access a lot of these points of intersection .
The second <unk> superpower is fast learning .
When we <unk> them , we are going to do it .
We look at everything we can have in our hands .
We 're used to being beginners , because it 's a lot of times in the past , and this means we have less afraid of testing new things and get out of our comfort zones .
A lot of abilities are <unk> to other disciplines , and we bring everything we 've learned to every new area that we pursue , so we rarely start from scratch .
<unk> <unk> is a <unk> <unk> and independent writer .
As a child , he refined an incredible capability to develop muscle memory .
Now , she 's the fastest known <unk> .
Before I become a writer , he was <unk> was a financial planner .
He had to learn the fine sales mechanics when their practices was starting to , and this ability helps you to write persuasive launches for editors .
It 's rarely a waste of time to go to what we 're attracted to , even if you drops it out .
It 's possible to apply that knowledge into a completely different field , in a way that you could n't have anticipated .
The third superpower <unk> is the adaptability . That is the ability to transform into anything you need in a given situation .
Abe <unk> is sometimes director of videos , other people , a <unk> web designer , sometimes a Kickstarter , sometimes teacher , and sometimes apparently , James Bond .
It 's valuable because it makes a good job .
He 's even more valuable because you can take a lot of roles , depending on the needs of their clients .
The Company magazine defines adaptability as the most important ability for development , to thrive in the 21st century .
The economic world changes so rapidly and <unk> that are the individuals and organizations that can be able to engage in order to meet the needs of the market , which we actually thrive .
They were <unk> , fast learning and adaptability : three skills where the <unk> are very adept , and three skills that you could lose if they 're pushed to reduce their goals .
As a society , we have a great interest in encouraging people to be themselves .
We have complex problems , multidimensional right now , and we need not conventional creative thinkers in front of them .
Let 's say they 're in your heart , specialists .
They came out of the belly knowing because they wanted to be a pediatric neurosurgeons .
Do n't worry , there 's nothing wrong with you either .
In fact , some of the best teams are made up of a specialist and a <unk> <unk> .
The specialist can dive deep and put in practice ideas , and <unk> offers an breadth of knowledge to the project .
It 's a beautiful relationship .
But we should all design lives and careers that we 're going to do with the way we 're connected .
And unfortunately , at the very large part of them , they would encourage them to simply be more like their specialized peers .
So once we said this , if there 's one thing that you can take from this talk , I hope that this is : <unk> with the inner wiring , whatever it is .
If you 're a heart specialist , then you 're going to take it through all the media .
That 's where you will give the best .
But for the <unk> in the room , including those who just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes , I 'm going to tell you , `` Give us a lot of passions . ''
Keep his curiosity on these <unk> .
Take the intersections .
<unk> our inner wiring inside our inner wiring leads to a more authentic and happy life .
And perhaps most important , <unk> , the world needs us !
Thank you .
In the year 1901 , a woman named <unk> took her to a institution in <unk> .
<unk> <unk> , and I could n't remember even the most basic details of their life .
His doctor was called <unk> .
I did n't know how to help <unk> them , but they were hanging out for her until unfortunately , unfortunately , he passed away in 1906 .
After his death , <unk> did an autopsy , and they found strange plates , and rolls into the <unk> brain of a guy who had never seen before .
But even more surprising .
If we could have been alive today , we could n't give it to her more help than he was doing 114 years ago .
<unk> was Dr. <unk> Alzheimer 's .
And <unk> <unk> , the first patient to receive a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer 's disease .
From 1901 , medicine has advanced .
They 've been discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infections , a lot of cancer treatments , antiretroviral drugs , <unk> to <unk> and much more .
But a little bit of progress has progressed in treatment of Alzheimer 's .
I 'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer 's disease for more than a decade .
So I think about this all the time .
Alzheimer 's now affects 40 million all over the world .
But by 2050 , it will affect 150 million , by the way , include many of you .
If you 're expecting to live up to 85 years or more , you get Alzheimer 's , almost one of two .
In other words , there is the probability of that you 're going to have Alzheimer 's disease , or helping care for a friend or loved with Alzheimer 's .
In America alone , Alzheimer 's disease costs 200 billion dollars every year .
One of five dollars of healthcare is spent on Alzheimer 's disease .
Today , it 's the most expensive disease , and its costs required a rise of five times in 2050 , as the generation is aging .
It may surprise you , but Alzheimer 's is one of the greatest medical challenges and social challenges of our generation .
But it 's been relatively little done to fight them .
Today , one of the top 10 causes of death around the world , Alzheimer 's is the only one that can not prevent , cure or even slow down their development .
We understand less about Alzheimer 's than other diseases because we 've spent less time and money in the same time .
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research that in Alzheimer 's disease , despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer 's , and causes a year 's annual <unk> of deaths like cancer .
The lack of resources are due to a more fundamental cause : the lack of consciousness .
Because this is what little people know , but everybody should : Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and we can cure it .
For most of the last 114 years , everyone , even scientists , <unk> Alzheimer 's disease .
We thought that will be <unk> in a normal and inevitable part of aging .
But you only have to look at a picture of a healthy brain compared to the patient 's patient 's patient to see the actual physical damage caused by this disease .
In addition to trigger a severe memory of memory and mental skills , damage to brain caused by Alzheimer 's significantly reduce life expectancy , and it 's always fatal .
Remember , Dr. Alzheimer 's found plates and images in the <unk> brain a century ago .
For almost a century , we did n't know a lot about this .
Today we know that they 're made of protein molecules .
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds up as an origami .
There are places in the paper that are <unk> .
And when it folds well , these are your sticky dots end up inside .
But sometimes things go wrong , and some individual points are left outside .
This makes the molecules of protein <unk> each other , forming groups that can make big plates and rolls .
That 's what we see in the patient 's brain with Alzheimer 's .
We 've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works .
There 's a lot of steps , and the identification of what we block is complex , like defuse a bomb .
<unk> a wire could do anything .
<unk> others can make the bomb explode .
You have to find the right step that you block it , and then create a drug that does it .
Until recently , it 's been reduced to the wires and expected the best .
But now there 's a diverse group of people , doctors , biologists , geneticist , chemical , physicists , engineers , mathematicians .
And together , we 've managed to identify a critical step in the process . It 's testing a new type of drugs that blocking specifically this step to stop the disease .
Let me show you some of our latest outcomes .
No one outside our lab has seen it yet .
Let 's look at a few videos of what happened by testing these drugs in worms .
These are the healthy worms , and you can see they move with normal .
These worms , on the other hand , have protein molecules that are placed in each other , like humans with Alzheimer 's .
And you can see that they 're clearly sick .
But by giving our new drugs for these worms at an early stage , then we see that heal and live a normal life .
This is just a positive initial result , but research like this shows that Alzheimer 's is a disease that we can understand and cure .
After 114 years of waiting , there is real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years .
But in order to grow that hope , we need to beat Alzheimer 's , we need help .
It 's not about scientists like me , it 's about you .
We need to argue that Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and if we tried to , we can <unk> them .
In the case of other diseases , the patients and their families have over the more research and <unk> pressure on governments , pharmaceutical industry , about scientists and legislators .
That was essential to advance HIV treatment in the late 1980s .
Today we see that same unit to overcome cancer .
But Alzheimer 's patients often ca n't talk for themselves .
And their families , the hidden victims , caregivers for their loved ones day and night , are often too empowered to get out and advocate for change .
So , it really depends on you .
Alzheimer 's not , in most cases a genetic disease .
Everybody with a brain runs the risk .
Today , there are 40 million patients like <unk> , who ca n't create the change that they need to themselves .
They 're talking about them , and they will help to demand a cure .
Thank you .
I published this article in the New York Times column , in January of this year .
To fall in love with someone , I do this .
The paper is trying to a psychological study , designed to create romantic love in the lab , and from my own experience when we try to try it back one night last summer .
So the procedure is quite simple : Two strangers are going to be able to be asked to become 36 questions increasingly , and then both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes .
Here 's a couple of questions .
Number 12 : If you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or skill , what would it be ?
Number 28 : When was the last time you 'd get to another person ?
And just ?
You know , you move forward , and these are increasingly personal .
Number 30 : -- this really likes -- Tell your partner what you like of him or she -- I know very honest this time , and I gave things that you would n't say to someone you 've ever met .
When I came across this study a few years ago , a detail really struck me , the piece that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony .
So , I was a bit skeptical about this process of making romantic love , but , of course , I was also intrigued .
And when I had the opportunity to test this study , someone who knew not particularly well , I did n't expect to fall on to fall .
However , we fell in love , and I thought it was a good story , so send it to the column of Modern Love a few months later .
That was published in January , and it 's now August , so I guess some of you probably wonder : follow together ?
And the reason I think they challenge this is because they 've done this question over and over over the last seven months .
And this question is just what I want to talk about today .
But let 's go back to it .
A week before the article was published , I was very nervous .
I 'd been working on a romantic book in the last few years , so I had become writing about my experience in romantic love in my blog .
But a blog entrance can come to a few hundred views like a lot , and those were usually just my friends ' friends and imagined that my article in the New York Times would probably reach some thousands of views .
And that was a good burden of attention in a relatively new relationship .
But as he got , I had no idea .
The paper was published on a Friday night at night , and on Saturday , this happened in my blog .
And the Sunday , I 've already called the `` Today '' Show , `` The Good <unk> . ''
In a month , the article got over eight million hits , and I was , to say something , little prepared for this kind of attention .
One thing is encouraging trust writing honestly about their romantic experiences , but something else is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news , and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship .
And when people called or write , what they did every day for weeks , they were always asking the same question : Do they still go together ?
In fact , when I was preparing this talk , I did a quick search at the mailbox of my email with the phrase , `` still follow together ? ''
And several messages came up immediately .
These were students and journalists and strangers , just like this .
I was interviewed on the radio and they asked him .
Even , I gave a talk , and a woman screamed at the stage , `` Hey <unk> where 's your boyfriend ? ''
And I immediately put a red one .
I understand that this is part of the deal .
If you write about your relationship in an international newspaper , you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it .
But I was n't prepared for the breadth of the answer .
So the 36 questions seemed to be able to make life their own life .
In fact , the New York Times published a plant-based paper , which included readers ' experiences by testing the study in them with different degrees of success .
So , my first urge to all of this attention was to be very constrained by my own relationship .
I said not to every request that we both did public emergence together .
And he wrote television interviews , and I opted in the orders of photos of us two .
I think he was afraid to become the icons of the <unk> process , a range for which I did n't feel at all qualified .
And I understand that people did n't want to know just if the study worked , they wanted to know if it worked : whether it was able to produce <unk> love , not just an adventure , but real love , <unk> love .
But this was a question I did n't feel able to answer .
My relationship was just about a few months , and I felt , especially , people asked the wrong question .
How do we follow together or not , and also telling them ?
If the answer was not , do the experience of making these 36 questions less interesting ?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first on these questions in this same study in 1997 , and there , the researcher of the researcher was not to produce romantic love .
Instead , I was looking for interpersonal close-up of college students , using what doctors called <unk> and sustained , progressive and reciprocal .
It sounds like romantic , right ?
But the study worked .
The participants felt closer after doing so , and several studies also used the <unk> protocol of Disney as a rapid way of creating trust and interaction between strangers .
They 've used it between members of the police and the community , and they 've used it between people of opposite political ideologies .
The original version of the story , which I tried last summer , that combines personal questions with four personal contact minutes , was cited in this article , but unfortunately he did n't get published .
A few months ago , I was giving a talk in a small liberal arts university , and then a student came to me and he said to me with shyness : I tried the study , and he did n't work .
He looked puzzled for it .
And I said , `` Do you mean that you 've got somebody else who did you do it ? ''
Well , he paused .
I think she wants us to be friends .
And then , got better friends ?
Did you feel that they were able to get better better after testing the study ?
He nodded .
So , it worked , '' I said .
However , I do n't think that was the answer that he was looking for .
In fact , I do n't think it 's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love .
I stumbled across the study for the first time when I was 29 , and I was going through a really difficult separation .
I had had that relationship since I had 20 , which was basically my entire adult life , and he was my first true love , and I had no idea how or if I could live without it .
So I turned to science .
I did everything that I could find about the science of romantic love , and I expected that that could somehow get the heart .
I do n't know if I realized this at the time , I thought I was just studying for the book that I wrote , but in retrospect , it seems really obvious .
I thought that if I was built with the knowledge of romantic love , I would never have to feel so bad and I used to feel like it was then .
And all this knowledge has been useful in one or another .
I 'm more patient with love . I 'm more relaxed .
I have more confidence to demand what I 'm looking for .
But I can also see me more clearly , and I can realize that what I 'm looking for is sometimes more than they can demand me .
What I 'm looking for of love is an assurance , not just to be loved today and being loved tomorrow , but to remain loved as loved most of the person I love .
It may be that this is the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know whether they were still together .
The story that the media told about 36 questions is that there may be a shortcut to fall in love .
There may be a way for some way to mitigate something of implicit risk , and this is a very appealing story , because in love it makes us feel beautifully , but it 's also terrifying .
But I think when it comes to love , we 're very willing to accept the short version of the story .
The version of the story that you ask : still follow together ?
And their content with an answer from Yes or not .
So more than a question , I would propose that we make questions harder , questions like , how do you decide who deserves your love and who is n't ?
How do they stay in in love when things get tough , and how do you know when to cut and distance away ?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads to a relationship , or even more , how do you live with doubt from your partner ?
I do n't necessarily know the answers to these questions , but I think they 're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone .
So , if you want the short version of the history of my relationship , it 's this ; a year ago , a year ago , and we applied a study designed to create romantic love , we fall in love , we still follow together , and I 'm very happy .
But love is not the same as to stay in love .
<unk> is the easy part .
So at the end of my article , I wrote , `` Love did n't happen .
<unk> love because we took the choice to be .
And I wince to read it now , not because it 's not true , but because at the moment , I had n't considered everything that election was supposed to do .
I did n't consider how many times we would have to make that decision , and how much times I 'll have to keep doing that choice without knowing before if he always bought me or not .
I want it to be enough to have done , and say , 36 questions , having chosen to love someone so generous , kind and fun and having expressed that choice in the largest U.S. newspaper in America .
But what I 've done , instead , is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth that I do n't believe really .
And what I 'm looking for , and what I might spend my life looking for is that that myth is true .
I want the title happy to implicit in the title of my article , which is , by the way , the only part of the article that I actually did n't write .
But what I 'm in change is the opportunity to love someone , and the hope that he also love me , and it 's scary , but that 's the deal with love .
Thank you .
I was raised by a few lesbian in full mountain , and in a way , I was like a <unk> of the forest .
I have a time ago . Something that really shocked me , but more details later .
I 'll start with when I was eight years old .
I took a wooden box , and you put a dollar bill , a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado .
And I thought that a few strange , some aliens would find this box , about 500 years later , and let me tell you how our species <unk> ideas , for example , how we eat spaghetti .
I had no idea .
Anyway , it 's grace , because here I am , 30 years later , and I 'm still making boxes .
At a given moment , I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from tour and I like to surf and all of those weird things -- and I was doing a collage for my mother .
And I took a dictionary and I took all the pages and made a sort of <unk> <unk> of Agnes Martin , and I covered it and a bee was stuck .
Well , my mother 's afraid of bees , and it 's <unk> them , so I added more resin on the canvas , thinking that I could be <unk> .
Instead , the opposite happened : somehow it seemed to increase size , as if you were to put the text on a magnifying glass .
So I did ? I built more boxes .
This time , I started adding electronic elements , frogs , strange bottles that I would find out on the street , everything I could find , because I was looking for things for my life , trying to relate to and tell stories about these objects .
So I started drawing around objects , and I realized that my God can draw in space .
I can flow <unk> , drawing the same way that you do about a body in the crime scene .
And I took out the objects and created my own specimens of specimens invented .
First , a hundred , a hundred , so that you might be able to get an idea .
Then I made some insects and strange creatures .
It was very fun to draw on the resin of resin .
And it was great , because I started building exhibitions and those things , and I was making some money , to bring my girlfriend to dinner for example , to go to <unk> .
It was great , man .
At some point I was interested in the human form , sculptures of natural size with drawings of human beings within the layers .
It was great , except for one thing : he died .
I did n't know what to do , because the resin was going to kill me .
And I went to bed every night thinking about it .
So I tried to use glass .
I started drawing on the glass layers , similar to the drawing in a window , then in another window , and another window , and I had all these windows together , and there 's a three-dimensional composition .
And this really worked , and so I could stop using the resin .
So I did this for years , and my work with something very big , I call `` triptych . ''
By the triptych , I was inspired by `` The Garden of delight , '' from Hieronymus Bosch , which is a painting at the Museum of the <unk> in Spain .
Do you know it ?
Well , it 's a fantastic picture .
They say it 's a little bit ahead of your time .
Well , the `` triptych . '' Let 's put this piece .
It weighs 11,000 pounds .
It 's very long .
It has <unk> , so it 's 10 meters of composition .
It 's a little bit weird .
Well , that 's the source of blood .
On the left , it 's Jesus and the lobsters .
There 's a cave where all these creatures with animals travel between two worlds .
They go from the world of representation , to this underworld of analog <unk> mountains where they hide .
This is where the creatures with animals go down to the beacon , ready to kill their mass mass <unk> in the ocean .
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements .
This is a blue god tied to a <unk> .
Billy Graham is in the sea ; the Horizon <unk> platform of <unk> <unk> -- the <unk> by Osama bin Laden , there are all sorts of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean .
But anyway , a kind of <unk> .
It 's coming out of the ocean , and it spits out oil in one hand while the other hand comes out of clouds .
Their hands are like <unk> , and it looks like a mythological body that keeps Earth and the cosmos in equilibrium .
So it 's a aspect of the `` triptych . ''
It 's a little bit of a narrative .
That 's the hand that it spits out .
And then , when you go to the other side , you have a nose , like a bird spike , and it spits out the clouds of this nose .
It also has a <unk> in a snake tail that joins the `` triptych . ''
Anyway , its tail turn on fire , on a volcano .
I do n't know why it happened .
Things that go through , you know .
Their tail ends up in an <unk> eyeball , made of terrorist cards , 1986 .
Have you seen them ?
They did in the 1980s , as if they were baseball cards .
It brings me to my last project . This brings me to my last project .
I 'm in the middle of two projects : One is called `` <unk> . ''
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings .
Each one is an archive of our culture , through media and material to be encyclopedias , dictionaries or magazines .
But each one acts as a kind of archive in the form of being human , and travel in groups of 20 , four or 12 at the time .
They 're like cells , they come together , they divide .
And you can walk between them . It 's getting me years old .
Each one is basically a scanning electron microscope that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped inside .
This has a little cave in the chest .
That 's the head ; it 's the chest , you can get the input out .
I 'm going to get to you for the rest of the body : there is a waterfall that comes out of the chest , and that coat the penis or <unk> , or whatever it is , a kind of <unk> thing .
It 's a quick refresher on these works because I ca n't afford it for a long time .
We have layers , you can see .
This is a <unk> body .
This has two heads , and it 's communicating between the two .
There are some pills that come out and come into the head of this strange statue .
There 's a little forest scene inside the ribcage .
Can you see it ?
Anyway , this talk is about these boxes , just like the boxes that we live in .
We 're in a box , the solar system is a box .
This brings me to my last box .
It 's a brick box . It 's called Advanced <unk> .
And inside this box there is a physicist , a neuroscientist , a painter , a musician , a writer , a radio radio , a museum , a school , an editorial arm that spreads all the content that we do in the world , and a garden .
They put out the box and all the people in the inside of it are just about other particles .
And I think that 's the way to change the world .
When you redefines who is and the box that you 're living in .
And together we came together to realize that we are all together in this , that this illusion that we are different , these concepts of countries , of borders , of religion , does n't work .
We 're all very facts from the same stuff and in the same box .
And if we do n't start to exchange those things with sweetness , and yet we 're all going to die very soon .
Thank you very much .
What do they do when they hurt your head ?
They take an aspirin .
But so that this pill has an effect against pain , first goes through the stomach , the intestines and other organs .
So I 'm going to take a pill is the most effective and <unk> system , so that any <unk> medication in the body .
The underdog , however , is that the <unk> of any drug is disconnected .
And this is a big problem , especially in patients with HIV .
When you take antiretroviral drugs , these serve to decrease the amount of virus in the blood , and to increase the count of <unk> cells .
But they 're also known for their side side effects adverse , mostly negative effects , because in the time that it takes to get into blood stream , it gets divorced , and worse for the time it takes to reach its destination , which is where it 's more important : the HIV deposit .
These are regions of the body like the lymph nodes , the nervous system , the lungs , where the virus is sitting down and does n't easily come into the bloodstream of patients who are sent to regular therapy for antiretroviral drugs .
However , after the disruption , the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells .
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with current drugs that is a treatment for life , managed by <unk> it .
One day , I sat down and I thought , `` Could we make the treatment directly to the warehouse tank , without the risk of dilution of drugs ? ''
As a scientist at lasers , the answer was in front of me : the lasers , of course .
If they 're used in dentistry , to care of wounds and diabetes surgery , they can be used for anything imaginable , including transportation of drugs .
In fact , we 're already using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes , which open and closing almost immediately the cells that are infected with HIV to introduce the drugs .
The best they ask , `` How is that possible ? ''
So we sent a little bit of laser beam over the cellular membrane infected with HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug .
The laser cuts through the cell , whereas the cell absorbs the drug on microseconds .
Before we even figure out , the hole is immediately <unk> .
We 're testing this technology in vitro , or in vitro plates , but the goal is to bring this technology to the human body , apply it to the human body .
`` How is that possible ? '' You can ask .
Well , the answer is , through a <unk> device .
With the first head , which is our laser , we 'll make an incision on the site of infection .
The second head , which is a camera , is headed to the site of infection .
And finally , the third head , a <unk> that distributes the drug is released directly on the site of the infection , whereas the laser is used again to keep the cells open .
Well , this does n't seem a lot about time .
But one day , if it 's successful , this technology can lead to the eradication of HIV in the body .
Yeah . A cure for HIV .
This is the dream of all HIV researchers -- in our case , a laser treatment .
Thank you .
In the last decade , I 've studied armed armed groups : arms organizations , insurgents or militias .
They 're doing what these groups do when they 're not firing .
My goal is better to understand these inner agents of violence and study ways to encourage violent participation to violent confrontation .
I do field work in the world of politics and in the library .
Understanding these groups are key to solving almost every conflict in progress , because the war has changed .
I used to be a dispute between states .
No longer .
It 's now a conflict between the states and non-governmental actors .
For example , from the <unk> peace agreements , they were in between 1975 , and 2011 , <unk> had signed up between a state and a non-governmental actor .
So we need to understand these groups , and we should even engage them or engage in any process of resolution of successful conflict .
But how do you do that ?
We have to know what drives these organizations .
We know very well the reasons why they fight , how they do it , but nobody analyzes what they do when they do n't fight .
<unk> fight and policies are not related .
Everything is part of the same organization .
We ca n't understand these groups , not much less <unk> , without a global view .
Today 's groups are complex organizations .
For example , the Lebanese <unk> , known for his violent encounter against Israel .
From its creation in the 1980s , <unk> has also established a political party , a network of social services and a military services .
Similarly , Palestinian Hamas , known for their suicide attacks against Israel , and it also runs the Gaza Strip since 2007 .
So these groups make more than just shooting .
They are multitasking .
It would be a complex machinery of communication : radio stations , television channels , television websites , Internet websites and strategies in social networks .
And here they have ISIS magazine , printed in English and published to recruit .
Civil groups also invest in a complex fundraising without looting , but through profitable business , for example , building companies .
These activities are key .
They allow these groups to increase their strength , increase their funds , to recruit better and build their brand .
<unk> groups also do something more : they create stronger ties with their population by investing in social services .
They build schools , they run hospitals , they put their hospitals into professional training programs .
<unk> offers all of these services and more .
armed groups are also trying to conquer the population by providing something that the state does n't cost : security and protection .
The rise of the Taliban in an Afghanistan torn through the war , or even the principle of the ascent of ISIS , can also understand the efforts of these groups by delivering security .
Unfortunately , in these cases , security has an elevated eighth price high for the population .
But in general , providing social services , means to fill a vacuum , a <unk> gap by the government , and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power .
For example , the election victory of 2006 's electoral Hamas ca n't be understood without recognizing the social work of the group .
It 's a really complex scenario , even in the West , when we look at the armed groups , we only think about the violent side .
But that 's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups , strategy or long-term vision .
These groups are hybrid .
They grow because they fill in gaps , because they fill out gaps , and they emerge like armed groups and politicians , participate in violent struggle and governance .
And the more complex and more complex are these organizations , we can be able to get them as a opposite of a state .
How do I call a group like <unk> ?
It was part of a territory , running all their functions , collect the trash , they run the sewer system .
Is it a state ? Is it a rebel group ?
Or maybe something else is , something new and different .
And what is it ?
The lines are <unk> .
We live in a world of states , from no state and hybrids , and the weaker the states are states , like the Middle East , more intervene and fill that gap , the non-state actors .
This is important for governments , because to counter these groups , they will have to invest more in military tools .
It 's <unk> that government gap has to be at the center of any sustainable approach .
This is very important also to establish and put peace .
If we understand better to armed groups , we understand better what to offer the transition from violence to violence .
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors , military power can make some battles , but we wo n't give peace and stability .
To achieve these targets , we need long-term investments to fill that safe vacuum , to fill that safe void that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle .
Thank you .
I 'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist .
My opinions about gender equality are <unk> , but I 'm afraid to accept that openly , `` feminist label '' would be unfair for feminist .
I 'm a feminist , but pretty bad .
And therefore , I was like a bad feminist .
Or , at least , I wrote an article , and a book called `` The bad feminist , '' and then in interviews , people started to call me <unk> <unk> .
So , what started as a personal joke was destined to myself and a deliberate provocation , has become something larger .
Let me step back .
When I was a young man , especially in my youth and at the age of 20 , I had strange ideas about feminist , these <unk> women , anger with men and hated sex as if that was a bad thing .
Today , I see how women treat women all over the world and anger , in particular , seems a perfectly reasonable answer .
But at that time , I was worried about the tone I was using people when I was looking at a <unk> .
Being labeled as a feminist was an accusation , a taboo word and unpleasant .
And I was shocked as a woman who does n't follow the rules , which is asking too much , with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it 's the same or superior to a man .
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman , until it realizes that it 's actually that woman , and you ca n't imagine being another person .
Over time , as I grew up , I started accepting that I am , in fact , feminist , and also proud to be .
For me , certain claims are <unk> : women are equal to men .
They were doing the same paycheck for the same work .
We have the right to travel around the world as <unk> , free of harassment or violence .
We have a right to use easy and accessible control and reproductive services .
We have the right to decide about our bodies , without any need for legislative controls or doctrines <unk> .
We have the right to respect .
There 's more .
When you talk about the needs of women 's needs , you have to consider our other identities .
We are not just women .
We are people with a different body , expression , religion and sexuality , and social condition , skills and much more .
We have to look at these differences and how they affect us , in the same way that matters what we have in common .
Without this kind of inclusion , our feminism is nothing .
For me , these truths are evident , but to be clear : I 'm a mess .
I 'm full of contradictions .
There 's a lot of things that make a bad feminist .
I have another confession .
When I lead to work , I hear rap music to all volume .
Even though the letter degrades the women , and it offends me deeply , the classic `` Salt <unk> , '' classic <unk> yang is amazing .
`` Do it actually with your wet shirt .
<unk> , give me , <unk> until the shell does ! ''
Think about it .
<unk> poetry , right ?
I 'm completely indebted to my musical taste .
I firmly believe in the work of man , which is all I do n't want to do , including -- all the domestic tasks , but also killing insects , the garbage collection , the <unk> of the grass , the <unk> maintenance .
I do n't want to have anything to do with that .
The rose is my favorite color .
I love the beautiful things .
I can see `` The <unk> '' and the romantic comedies , and I have a <unk> fantasies of fairy tales that they do .
Some of my crimes are more <unk> .
If a woman wants to adopt the name of her husband , he 's his choice , and I 'm not who to judge .
If a woman decides to stay at home to raise their children , I accept that choice , too .
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice , the problem is that our society is <unk> so that it makes women economically economically vulnerable when they choose .
We fix this problem .
<unk> the feminism thing that has ignored or <unk> , historically , the needs of color women , the workers , gay and transgender women , who are white , heterosexual , middle class and high .
Listen , if that 's good feminism is a very bad feminist .
It also happens : As a feminist , I feel a lot of pressure .
We have this tendency to put France on a pedestal .
We hope that we 're going to make perfection .
When we <unk> , we take them a lot of taste from the same pedestal where we put them .
As I said , I 'm a disaster ; I already consider myself a lot of that pedestal before I try to put myself there .
Too many women , particularly the innovative and the leaders of the sector , are afraid of being tagged as feminist .
They 're afraid to stand up and say , `` Yes , I 'm a feminist , '' by fear of what that tag means , for fear of not being able to fulfill the usual expectations .
Take for example to <unk> , or as I call it , the Goddess .
Over the last few years , it 's a <unk> .
In <unk> Elephant Day , on MTV , he acted in front of the word `` feminist '' at three feet high .
It was a wonderful show , watching this pop star embrace this pop star embracing the feminism and to know women and young men who will be a feminist is something to be proud of .
<unk> the time , the critics and cultural critics started arguing about endless whether or not just a feminist .
He was paying his feminism , instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman .
<unk> perfection from feminist , because we 're still fighting a lot , we want a lot , we need so freaking out a lot .
Let 's go far beyond sensible criticism and constructive , so I encourage feminism for any woman , wreck until nothing left left .
We do n't need to do that .
evil feminism , or rather , a more inclusive feminism is the point of starting .
But what happens next ?
We went from recognizing our flaws to give up the bills , going to action and be a little bit more courageous .
If I hear music music , I 'm creating a demand for artists that would be more happy to providing an unlimited supply .
These artists will not change their way to speak about women in their songs until they promote , affecting that change effectively affecting their profits .
It 's certainly hard .
Why does your music have to be so busy ?
It 's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice .
But when bad decisions can justify this makes it more difficult for women to achieve the equality , the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility .
I think of my nieces , three and four years old .
It 's two fantastic , brilliant , brilliant little girls , and also very brave .
And the strong creatures are being appreciated by the strong creatures .
I think of them , all of a sudden , the best option within them as a lot easier to do .
We can all make better decisions .
We can change the channel when a television program is treating sexual violence against women as a sport , <unk> the Game of <unk> .
We can change the radio radio when we hear songs that treat women as nothing .
We can spend our money to go to the movies on the other part , when movies do n't treat women more than as decorative objects .
We can stop supporting professional sports sports , where athletes treat their peers as sacks .
In any case , men , especially white men , heterosexual men can say , `` No , I 'm not going to publish in their magazine , to participate in your project , or to work with you , until you do n't include a number enough of women , both to participate like making decisions .
I 'm not going to work with you until your publication or your publication is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are <unk> , but invited to participate in these kinds of projects , we can also afford to become even more like us welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision .
Because we 're not <unk> <unk> , without these efforts , without taking these positions , our achievements will mean very little .
We can make these small acts of courage and hope that our decisions will come to the top , the people in the power directors and theater producers and music , CEOs , people who can make great decisions , more courageous , to create a lasting and lasting change .
We can also tell the courage to our feminism , well , bad , or whatever .
The last line of my book `` Bad Bad '' says , `` I 'm thinking to be a bad feminist not to be at all . ''
This is true because of many reasons , but I say it , especially , because my voice was a stolen voice and feminism helped me <unk> .
There was an incident .
I call this incident to address what happened .
A few kids were reminded me when I was very young , and I did n't know that kids can do this to a girl .
They treated me as if it was nothing .
I started to believe that it was nothing .
My voice , and after all I was not dare to say something that might matter .
But I was writing .
And I went back to <unk> .
I became a stronger version of myself .
I read the words of women who could understand a story like mine , and the women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin .
I read the words of the women that showed me that it was nothing .
I learned to write like them , and then I learned to write like myself .
I found my voice again , and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure .
Through writing and feminism , I also found that if I was a little brave , another woman might hear me and see me and realize that none of us is nothing that the world is trying to tell us that we are .
In one hand , I have the power to achieve anything .
And in the other , I hold the humiliating reality that I 'm just a woman .
I 'm a bad feminist , I 'm a good woman , I 'm trying to improve my way to think , what I 'm saying , and what I do , without abandoning everything I was human .
I hope we can all do the same thing .
I hope we can all be a bit courageous , when you need more of such courage .
Just after Christmas last year , we would have children in California had measles for having visited Disneyland or by being exposed to someone who had been there .
The virus then went through the border to Canada , infecting over 100 children in <unk> .
One of the things tragic about this outbreak is that measles that may be fatal to a child with a <unk> immune system , is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world .
There 's an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century , but many of the kids involved in the Disneyland outbreak were not vaccinated , because their parents were afraid of something more supposedly worse : autism .
But a moment , was n't the paper that sparked about autism and vaccines , disqualified and tagging by being a deliberate fraud by the British Medical Journal ?
Do n't you believe that most intelligent scientists than vaccines cause autism is a stupidity ?
I think most of you know it , but millions of parents around the world are still preventing vaccines to their children to have autism .
Why ?
Here 's why .
This is a graph of the increase of autism increase in time .
For most of the 20th century , autism was considered a very rare disease .
The few psychologists and pediatricians who had heard about it believed to develop all their professional life without seeing one case .
For decades , the prevalence estimates continued stable about three or four children per 10,000 .
But then , in the '90s , the numbers started <unk> .
fundraising <unk> , as routinely refer to autism as an epidemic , as if I could catch from another child at Disneyland .
What 's going on ?
If you 're not vaccines , what is it ?
If you ask people at the Center for Disease Control , what 's going on , they tend to be based on phrases like `` criteria of diagnostic criteria , '' and `` a better detection of cases '' to explain these growing numbers .
But that kind of language does n't romanticize the fears of a young mother who searches for the face of his two-year-old son , the eye contact .
If the diagnostic criteria had to scale , why were they so pressure at the beginning ?
Why were these cases of autism such difficult to find before the 1990s ?
Five years ago , I decided to figure out the answers to these questions .
I learned that what happened has less to do with slow progress and cautious about science than the seductive power of storytelling .
For most of the 20th century , doctors told a story about what autism is , and how it was discovered , but that story turned out to be false , and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global health .
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the medical literature .
This second story tells us all about how we got here and where we have to go .
The first story starts with a child psychiatry , Leo <unk> , at Johns Hopkins Hospital . In 1943 , <unk> did an article that describes 11 young young patients who seemed to inhabit private worlds , <unk> people around , even their parents themselves .
They could have fun for hours waving their hands in their faces , but they were prey from the panic as when you do n't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them .
On the base of patients treated in their clinic , <unk> <unk> that autism is very rare .
For the 1950s , as the main authority of the world on the subject , stated that he had seen less than 150 real cases of their syndrome while picking up places as distant as South Africa .
This is actually not surprisingly , because the <unk> criteria for autism diagnosis were very <unk> .
For example , let 's give that diagnosis to give kids a seizures , but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism .
Once you 've got to realize that he had become nine from every 10 children sent by other doctors to his own doctor , he would be autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism .
<unk> was an intelligent man , but part of his theories were not <unk> .
They define autism as a form of child psychosis caused by cold , cold parents .
These kids , he said , they 've been very carefully in a refrigerator that they did n't know .
At the same time , though , I noticed that some of their young patients had special abilities that them together in certain areas like music and mathematics and memory .
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies before the two years ago .
When his mother put one of his favorite records , he properly said , `` Beethoven . ''
But I had a bad opinion of these abilities , claiming things like the kids were just regurgitating out to their parents , <unk> , desperate to win their approval .
As a result , autism became a source of shame for families , and two autistic children were sent to institutions for their own sake , becoming invisible to the world in general .
Remarkably , it was n't until the 1970s , the researchers started testing the theory of <unk> that autism was weird .
<unk> <unk> , a cognitive psychologist from London , thought that the theory of the welfare mothers was quite stupid .
She and her husband , John were warm and warm , and they had a deep autistic daughter named <unk> .
<unk> and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl , like , without support , without special education , without access to other resources without a diagnosis .
To defend the National Health Service , they needed more resources for autistic kids and their families , <unk> and their colleague Judith Gould , decided to do something that should have done 30 years before .
They started a study of autism prevalence in the general population .
It 's a suburb of London called <unk> to try to find autistic kids in the community .
What you saw clear that the <unk> model was too limited , because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse .
Some kids could n't speak at all , while others were <unk> in their fascination with astrophysics , in dinosaurs or the genealogy of <unk> .
In another way , these kids did n't fit in beautiful paintings and <unk> , as Judith , and saw a lot of them , much more than the monolithic model of <unk> would have predicted .
Early on , they were lost by trying to make sense of their data .
How did n't you realize these kids before ?
But then I found a reference to a paper that was published in German in 1944 , the year after <unk> article , and then forgot , buried under the ashes of a terrible time that no one wanted to remember .
I knew about this article from the competition , but I avoided it to be blown away in his own work .
There was n't even an English translation , but luckily , the husband 's husband spoke German , and he translated it for her .
<unk> offers an alternative history of autism .
His author was a man named Hans Asperger 's , who was leading an integrated clinic with a boarding school in Vienna in the 1930s .
The idea of Asperger 's ideas for learning differences were <unk> even for contemporary standards .
The morning in their clinic started with music exercises , and the kids would follow their games at the evening .
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism , Asperger 's described as a <unk> disability of life that needed support forms of support and tuned spaces throughout the entire life .
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients , Asperger 's called their little teachers , and he started to help in the development of methods that were especially suited for them .
fundamentally , Asperger 's saw autism as a diverse diverse continuum that included an amazing variety of gifts and disability .
He believed that autism and autistic traits were ordinary , and they 've always been , looking at aspects of this continuum at the known archetypal culture as the awkward social scientist and the distracted professor .
He was beyond even to say that for success in science and art , an ounce of autism is essential .
<unk> and Judith found found that <unk> was wrong that autism was <unk> , as the parents were <unk> .
Over the next few years , they worked in silence with the American Association of diagnostic to expand the diagnostic criteria that reflect the diversity of what they called `` autistic spectrum . ''
By the end of the 1980s and the early '90s , their changes got into place , by embracing the limited model of <unk> by a broad and <unk> .
These changes did n't fell into broken sleeping .
By the way , when <unk> and Judith worked in the wings to reform these criteria , people around the world will see an autistic adult for the first time .
Before you go out `` Rain Man '' in 1988 , only a small circle , <unk> by experts knew what the autism was , but after the demanding performance of lamprey Hoffman , Hoffman like Raymond <unk> and `` Rain Man '' with four awards , pediatricians , psychologists , teachers and fathers all over the world knew what the autism was .
At the same time , the first easy clinical trials were introduced to use to diagnose autism .
I should n't have a connection to that little circle of experts to make a diagnosis for his son .
The combination of `` Rain Man '' the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect , a perfect storm of consciousness about autism .
The number of diagnostics started rise , just like predicted <unk> and Judith , in fact expected to be , making people with autism and their families finally get support and services that were deserved .
So Andrew <unk> came to blame vaccines for the rise in diagnostics , and a simple , powerful , <unk> history , like the <unk> theory that autism was <unk> .
If the current estimate of the prevention center of one in 68 children in America are in the spectrum , the autistic ones are one of the largest minority groups in the world .
Over the last few years , autistic people have joined the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles for solving the new medical advances , <unk> the term `` <unk> '' to celebrate the varieties of human cognition .
One way to understand <unk> is to think in terms of human operating systems .
The fact that a PC does n't work with Windows , does n't mean it 's broken .
According to autistic standards , the normal human brain is easily <unk> , conflict , and suffers from a deficit deficit to detail .
Indeed , autistic people have a hard time living in a world not built for them .
70 years later , we 're still catching Asperger 's , who believed that the `` cure '' for the most active aspects of autism are found in understanding of teachers , employers with ability , communities , support communities and parents with faith in the potential of their children .
An autistic woman named <unk> <unk> once said , `` We need all the hands on deck to <unk> the humanity of humanity . ''
As we browse to an uncertain future , we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society .
We ca n't afford to afford a brain .
Thank you .
